To : Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) Subject : Complaint Regarding Mohela 's Deliberate Processing Delays- Account # [ Your Account Number ] Dear CFPB Representative, I am filing this complaint against Mohela for their continuous and seemingly deliberate delays in processing my request to switch from XXXX administrative forbearance to a 60 day processing forbearance related to my request to transition from XXXX to XXXX  repayment plan. Below is a timeline of my attempts to resolve this issue : XX/XX/XXXX : Initially requested to transition from XXXX to XXXX, with the understanding they were supposed to place me into a processing forbearance after that request, which would count towards XXXX in the interim as I had XXXX qualifying payments and can not approach XXXX while in this SAVE administrative forbearance. 
XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : Sent follow-up support message XX/XX/XXXX : Received response stating " Mohela is putting your account into forbearance for up to 60 days '' Presumed this meant it was happening. 
XX/XX/XXXX : After another follow-up, received dismissive response : " Our records indicate that you have already called and spoken to XXXX of our Customer Service XXXX XXXX this inquiry '' XX/XX/XXXX : Called and spoke with representative who acknowledged XXXX changes had been made, she then stated she had put in the request and promised resolution around XXXX business days XX/XX/XXXX : Called again after the promised XXXX business days passed, only to be told it would take another XXXX business days This processing forbearance should have been completed by early XX/XX/XXXX. These continuous delays are significantly impacting my financial planning and career decisions for the following reasons : XXXX. I have completed approximately XXXX qualifying payments toward XXXX ( potentially XXXX with buyback ) but can not progress without this forbearance change XXXX. I can not transition to XXXX due to the current program halt XXXX. Given this, I also asked about the timeline to simply exit forbearance into standard repayment, was informed that would take XXXX business days! 
XXXX. These delays force me to remain with my non-profit employer despite having another job opportunity, I've had to cancel the job I urgently request CFPB intervention to require Mohela to implement the processing forbearance immediately, which would allow at least XXXX months to count toward my loan forgiveness. This prolonged administrative delay is causing undue hardship and appears to be an intentional stalling tactic. 

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.
