This is a follow up to complaint XXXX. MOHELA has never responded and is past due on when they should have responded. 

Now MOHELA 's website states that IDR applications are being processed ( attaching screenshot ). They should be able to process my cancelation now. It has been 7 months of no action being taken on their part. 

Details from former complaint, I have also included screenshots from former complaint : On XX/XX/XXXX I submitted an IDR application through studentaid.gov. This changed into the status of " In Review '' on XX/XX/XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I submitted another IDR application directly through MOHELA for the XXXX repayment plan. This was approved on XX/XX/XXXX. That day I emailed MOHELA and requested that my IDR application from XXXX of XXXX be canceled, that I did NOT want it to be processed. I wanted to stay on XXXX. I received a response from MOHELA on XX/XX/XXXX stating " Thank you for contacting MOHELA, A request has been submitted to cancel the Income Driven Repayment Plan application that was submitted in XXXX XXXX XXXX. Your consolidated loan is on the Pay As You Earn ( PAYE ) Repayment Plan. '' This request was never processed. Recently I noticed that my loans were placed into Forbearance. I tried calling, but the wait times to talk to a customer service representative was 5 hours long.

I then emailed MOHELA about this. I received a response stating " Thank you for contacting MOHELA, Administrative forbearances were applied to accounts due to the administrative stay in XX/XX/XXXX, for processing Income-Driven Repayment ( IDR ) plan applications. Borrowers should expect a lengthy delay in the processing of applications. '' I should NOT have an IDR application in process. I requested for this application to be canceled months ago, and received confirmation from MOHELA that the request to cancel it had been placed. I have attached screenshots of their correspondence. I called today on XX/XX/XXXX and was lucky enough to finally be able to speak to a customer service representative. They said there was nothing they can do and that they would not help me with my account. I asked them to email me information regarding the status of my account, why the forbearance could not be removed, and why my request to cancel my IDR application from months ago could not be processed. They said that they would and this has not been done. I feel like I am being lied to about the status of my account and their ability to help due to lack of training and/or ability to do their assigned job tasks.
