In XX/XX/XXXX, I began my first semester, majoring in meteorology at XXXX University of Pennsylvania. Covid ruined the experience altogether so I was looking at options of transferring. While doing so, I was reaching out to tutors to get my grades the highest they could be for credit transfers. Ultimately decided to withdrawal. Hearing that XXXX had waivers to apply for from students. I jumped in action searching the college webinar. Except ; there was no access to apply on my end. I called the financial office and they were blunt and slightly rude toned mentioning we cant tell you when theres waivers thats not our problem now we then hung up. I bit the bullet and moved on. Working a constant 9-5 after withdrawal. Within this chaos I was urged to reach out to the president of the University. Stating, Dear XXXX XXXX, My names XXXX XXXX and I was a former student of XXXX for the Fall of XXXX. I decided to write to you because I feel what I went through was sad, and unfair to any person. Reaching out to the president of the University is what most of my family told me to do. My first week was a real awakening, because it was college season during a global pandemic. I was excited to meet new friends and enjoy lunches with cool people. Yet we were forced to almost distance ourselves and felt almost as if we were prisoners in a way ; we all didnt have a choice. My mental health was quickly declining as well, which led me to reach out to tutors and my professors for help. Yet, tutoring did not answer my two emails sent. Within the fourth week, my friends decided that they would completely push me away when there is only a few people on campus. I chose to face my fears and meet new people down the hall of my residence in XXXX XXXX XXXX. Three days after meeting them they did the same thing. Though, what left me shocked is that I trusted these girls and I told them what happened to me with the friend group previously. I withdrew from the college during the Seventh week and I thought my money dues would be much less than they are. But I am paying for a full semester of school. This global pandemic has us all hurting for money and I understand that. But, I decided to reach out because I really wanted you to know my situation because I genuinely love the campus and miss being there. 
Thank you for listening and please reach out. 

Former XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX Which was ultimately ignored ; responding with this will be forwarded. 
XX/XX/XXXX I pleaded with a student advisor after doing so back and forth 6 times. My lender had changed my originating amount from XXXX to XXXX. I believe those statements are in the requested documents file. They have now changed those documents AGAIN whilst not proving five years of payment history. Claiming interests acrues daily. We have a fixed interest rate of 12 est. 
Finding out now that Sallie Mae and XXXX were in the midst of switching lenders and class action lawsuits were in the works. I feel my family and I have dealt with enough regarding Sallie Mae and my University. Willful disregard and not proving my existence on campus within a global pandemic is just draining and disgusting. My dad and I have paid XXXX $ a month for five years and sometimes twice a month. My case should be qualifying for the class action lawsuits. 
My dad survived a XXXX and I saved his life and I need someone to hear my voice. If we can have our loan waived, portions refunded, or dropped, thatd be preferred. If you need more information, my email XXXX. I will be uploading more documentation.
