I was awarded Public Service Loan forgiveness in XXXX of XXXX. I had XXXX loan servicers at the time, XXXX and MOHELA. I had overpaid both servicers and was owed a refund on the amounts I overpaid for my loans. XXXX sent me my refund check immediately, I received it within XXXX weeks. To this day, I still have not received my refund check from MOHELA ( {$2500.00} ). I have spoken to their customer service 2 times ( both times involved over XXXX hour wait times to speak with someone ). The first time ( XX/XX/XXXX ) they told me it had finally be " approved '' by their internal audit and was going to be sent to the Treasury for disbursement to me. After waiting another XXXX months for this check to arrive, I called the Treasury in XX/XX/XXXX. They researched my social security number and said they had no record of any information being sent from MOHELA within the past 6 months. I called MOHELA back early XX/XX/XXXX and spoke to another customer service rep. They informed me that " MOHELA sent you a check in XX/XX/XXXX ''. I informed them I never received a check. I also informed them that I spoke with customer service in XXXX and they never mentioned that they had sent me a check. They told me they would escalate and research this check. If it had not been cashed they would resend the check. If it had been cashed, I would need to go through their fraud department to attempt to resolve. I asked how I would be notified about the results of the investigation and they informed me it was not possible for them to notify me, that I would have to call back after 10 business days to inquire about the results of their investigation. It has been over 10 business days and I attempted to call back. I was given an estimated wait time of XXXX hour. After waiting XXXX hours on hold I was unable to stay on the phone ( I was picking up a family member from the hospital ) so I had to hang up. I am attempted to call back again today, was informed it would be XXXX and half hours for my " estimated wait time ''. 

It has been over a YEAR since MOHELA has owed me a refund. I feel helpless and unable to make any progress getting information or my refund from MOHELA. PLEASE HELP ME!
