ZuntaFi has represented that disbursements totaling {$28000.00} were made on my behalf. However, my current account statement reflects that I have paid {$55000.00} to datenearly double the amount allegedly disbursed. Despite these payments, I am still being advised that a balance remains due. I have never been provided competent evidence of the alleged disbursements, a complete transactional history, or an explanation demonstrating how I could owe additional sums after repayment in excess of the principal. I have never been provided with a contract showing the interest I allegedly agreed to pay. Further, in XX/XX/scrub> 2024, I informed my account XXXX, XXXX XXXX, that I would tender {$5000.00} as full and final settlement of any remaining balance. ZuntaFi accepted that payment. Notwithstanding this agreement and acceptance of funds, your company has continued collection efforts. Out of fear of adverse credit reporting, I made additional payments under duress. Continued collection activity under these circumstances is improper. I request refunds of any payments made since XXXX of 2024, totaling {$3300.00}. I was advised by the Minnesota Attorney General 's office that the Federal Trade Commission Holder Rule preserves a borrowers right to assert against a loan holder any claims and defenses that could be asserted against the seller of goods or services when the lender and the seller have a connected or referral relationship. Where a school and a lender have an ongoing business relationshipincluding referral arrangements, coordinated financing programs, or other financial tiesthe lender is subject to the same defenses arising from the schools misconduct. I informed Zuntafil this originally and they told me the Holder Rule does not apply to my loan. XXXX XXXX from XXXX XXXX is the school in connection with this loan. They have been found guilty by several courts that they engaged in deceptive and unfair practices related to the extension of credit and representations made at enrollment. Because this loan was made in connection with, and as a direct result of, that schools conduct and lender relationship, ZuntaFias holder and assigneeis legally subject to those claims and defenses. Under the Holder Rule, my recovery and offset rights apply up to the amounts paid under the contract. I have already paid XXXX XXXXXXXXfar exceeding the alleged principal of {$28000.00}. At minimum, no further collection is permissible, and cancellation is warranted. I have tried negotiating and talking with them and they do not answer my questions, nor offer any further explanations. They have told me what my disbursements add up to and when I point out that I have far exceeded that amount in payments, they have no additional response.
