On XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX about a VA collection based on information provided by the VA. The agent couldn't find anything and transferred me to another agent. To my surprise, the new agent mentioned XXXX. Since this was the 1st I heard of another company being involved, I advised the rep that I would call back once I verify with Ascendium that XXXX is now representing them. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a telephone call that I believe may have originated from XXXX regarding this alleged debt - the agent was not understandable on which company she was with. However, I still have not received any written correspondence from any company concerning the matter of an alleged student loan debt. I have reviewed all mail, emails and email folders since mid XX/XX/XXXX. I have received XXXX letter from XXXX dated in XXXX about offset but it did not mention any other companies. The only letter I received from XXXX was in XX/XX/XXXX in regards to XXXX VA debt only. So I know they had my address. I was unable to log onto XXXX due to site issues. I had been trying since XXXX. but it referenced XXXX. I was unable to log into their site due to their site issues or reach anyone @ XXXX since they were closed for the weekend. I made future attempts but due to their operating hours conflicting my work schedule, it was never successfull. I tried again to call XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and was able to reach them. The agent there stated they are now the owner of the debt. However due to transitional system issues, I would not be able to create or access my account with them to verify anything about these new changes of ownership and balance. I asked for a letter to be sent to me then but the agent stated she could not since their computer system was in transition. She offered to provide information over the phone instead but that was unacceptable. She stated my debt was over {$50000.00} which is double the original loan amount. This loan has been transferred so many times that I no longer know what is actual balance, interest or their many fees. 1. I can not access my account or get written verification but they want to start collecting a debt through a collection agency? 2. They also had my email address and home address listed correclty but never could send me correspondence or an email? 3. They had my professional work email adress as well which I had never provided anyone or given permission to use. So where did they get that? I mailed a certified letter to XXXX requesting information and verification of authority to collect on XX/XX/XXXX.. I received an email from them on XX/XX/XXXX so apparently they had my email address all along too. I received another email from XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX even though I specifically stated to contact me in writing. I finally received 2 letters from XXXX this week but I still have yet to receive anything from XXXX. I am still in process of reviewing the letters I have received. As a veteran, I am appalled by both these companies. I want to know my rehabiliation options or income based repayment plan. I also want some sort of settlement offer if possible
