I have a student loan, which was recently purchased and is being serviced by NelNet. On XX/XX/2023 I made three additional payments to three subgroups of my loan, separate and independent from my required monthly payment, which was made on time on the date of XX/XX/2023, which included mandatory allocations towards interest as well some to principal. The additional amounts were paid to subgroup AB, a total of {$19000.00}, subgroup AF, a total of {$24000.00}, and subgroup AG, a total of {$13000.00}. When reviewing my statement a few days later I noted that the majority of those additional payments were allocated to interest, and I contacted NelNet on XX/XX/2023 to enquire about allocating those payments instead strictly to the principal amount of the subgroups of those loans. When calling, I was kept on hold for over 60 minutes, and when speaking to their representative I was informed by their representative that all payments must pay off interest first, and that I would not be allowed to allocate those additional payments to the principal of the loans in those subgroups. When asked for clarification as to why the additional payments may not be made strictly to principal I was abruptly placed on hold without warning nor further instruction/discussion. I wish to file multiple complaints, first for NelNets unwillingness to allocate additional funds at my discretion, which, per my conversation with the CFPB representative, I have a right to so do. I also wish to file a complaint for their unacceptable customer service, in not only having wait times of greater than one hour, but for their lack of service and direction when speaking to their representatives. I finally wish to file a complaint regarding their dishonest practices, as it appears I do, in fact, have the right to allocate those funds to principal at my discretion. I would also remark that NelNet 's online web payment portal does not allow the borrower to direct where additional payments are to be paid to ( e.g. directed to principal vs interest ), which should be remedied. Their payment portal is also misleading, in that it lists under current balance only the principal left, not the entirety of the loan ( principal plus interest ). I have uploaded a screenshot of their payment portal, which provides example both of no option for direction of additional fund payments, but also to display the discrepancy between what they consider " current balance, '' vs what is the actual total balance of the loan ( as exemplified in the second screenshot, which includes the entirety of the subgroup loan via their online statement ).
