L1: On XX/XX/year> I had incorrect interest charges applied to my student loans by the loan servicer Mohela. My loans were in the XXXX plan and should not have been accruing interest until XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX system made an error and applied an incorrect interest charge to my account from an error made years before that they had originally corrected. As a result, my loan balances are showing higher than they should be. My intent was to pay the principal balance of my loan on XX/XX/year> but with the incorrect interest charges applied to my account in error I was unable too. I have filed multiple requests for a correction of the error with the resolutions department repeatedly over the last six months. I keep on being told the issue has been escalated to a higher level of the resolutions department and will be corrected in XXXX business days. I am also told I will be called back by the resolutions department, but no one ever contacts me and I am forced to call back. When I do call back, I am told the case has not been reviewed yet and told it will be resolved in another XXXX business days. This has been going on now for XXXX months with no resolution or correction to the charges made in error. I am told every time that I call no one has reviewed my file. I was also told by Mohela that while this error is being corrected I would not be charged interest moving forward while this issue is pending. When I check my account I am being charged interest still, and the amount is incorrect because it contains the incorrect charge. This is further complicated because I am in the XXXX plan and XXXX system is preventing me from making payments. Ive been told by the loan servicer that if I were to make payments on the incorrect amount, I would not be refunded the amount I paid that was incorrect. In the current situation, I am being charged interest that I should not be charged, and the interest that I am being charged is actually higher than it should be so I am now being overcharged by over {$5000.00} dollars.
