L1: b'To Whom It May Concern,\n\nI am writing to formally dispute the delinquent status currently reported on my credit profile regarding six (6) individual student loan accounts serviced by MOHELA that really should be only one. My credit score changed on me just in this month from a XXXX to a XXXX due to this. \n\nAs a recent college graduate, I have maintained a perfect credit history and have a proven track record of financial responsibility. I was never notified by MOHELA regarding the commencement of my repayment period, nor did I receive any billing statements or correspondence indicating that payments were due. Now I am XXXX days past due on loans I was not informed the loan has started payment.\n\nOn XXXX XXXX, 2026, I contacted MOHELA via telephone to address this matter. After a 30-minute hold time, I requested a formal Debt Validation Letter. I was informed that this request could take up to XXXX days to fulfill and was explicitly told that MOHELA could not provide an email or system message confirming that this request was even placed. Given MOHELAs documented history of "call deflection" and billing failureswhich resulted in a $XXXX XXXX penalty by the Department of Education in 2023I have no confidence that this request will be honored without formal intervention. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX (AFT) filed a consumer protection lawsuit against the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX of the State of Missouri (MOHELA) on July 22, 2024, alleging systemic mismanagement of student loan accounts, including illegal overcharging, failure to process paperwork, and deceptive practices affecting millions of borrowers. In addition to their ongoing lawsuits, the company is plagued by overwhelmingly negative online reviews.\n\nI am looking for help with a "Good Will" adjustment or a formal deletion of the delinquent marks across all six loan entries. These marks are a direct result of MOHELAs failure to communicate. I intend to consolidate these XXXX loans into a single loan to simplify reporting and repayment.\n\nI brought the account current. However, I am looking for assurance that the delinquent records will be removed upon payment, as the lack of notification was a failure on the part of the lender.\n\nI will be sending this to the CFPB and am notifying all of the credit bureaus of this active dispute.\n\nAs I told Mohela that didn\'t want to help me. I am willing to do anything to correct this failure by Mohela.\n \nSincerely,\XXXX XXXX\XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX FL XXXX\nUnited States'
