Initial response from CRI- Official Servicer for XXXX XXXX XXXX was due to the complaint I submitted to CFPB Case # XXXX. XXXX reduced my credit score by XXXX points but would not release any loan information to me. They responded XX/XX/XXXX with student loan applications that I did not sign. Since I received the documents, I submitted several loan discharge applications with supporting documentation. They included signatures dated from XXXX XXXX. The documents I provided have the same signature that did not match any of the forged student loan documents. These documents included pictures of ( 2 ) drivers licenses, US Postal Service signed Life Insurance documents, home closing documents, Approved XXXX XXXX Loan documents when I received a student loan. Each application has been met with several responses requesting more information. I replied to each of responses they sent dated : XXXX XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, a forbearance letter they sent to me despite me never requesting a forbearance dated XX/XX/XXXX, Another request for documentation XX/XX/XXXX and most recently another Action Needed letter dated XX/XX/XXXX which prompted me to send another CFPB complaint. CRI is requesting a copy of my HIGH SCHOOL transcript, despite my sending them a copy of my College of XXXX transcript from XXXX. Additionally, according to their own disbursement policy they would not have released any loans for MY college education had I not submitted my high school diploma, yet they are asking me to send proof they already have and approved. Also they requested my signature within a year of one of the forged documents. I sent them ( 2 ) HR documents from my employment at the US Postal Service. They only accepted one of the documents. I then sent a signed contract from a car purchase contract dated within a year of one of the forged loan documents and they completely ignored it. I have even sent a police report. These additional requests appear to be stall tactics instead of discharging this fraudulent loan so I am submitting another complaint.
