My name is XXXX XXXX ( XXXX : XX/XX/XXXX ). I am writing as I have written XXXX several times and sent in numerous messages to formally request a review of my account for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( PSLF ) reconsideration and discharge. I am requesting discharge of the loan as I reached my XXXX payments in XX/XX/XXXX and the current count is incorrect. 

When I call Fedloans, they advised there is no timeline for when they have to review my reconsideration request. It has not been 9 months and I can not remain at the job. I have called various times and receive different feedback stating I must be employed with the government at the time I request the loan to be XXXX. I need for the discharge to be honored as it is violating my rights. 

Pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 1087e ( m ), I am advising that I have completed XXXX qualifying monthly payments as of XX/XX/XXXX and am requesting an official discharge of my eligible Federal Direct Loans under the XXXX program. 

The payment count is inaccurate and I will be retaining an attorney if I am held at an employer. 

I have disputed this with the OMBUDSMAN and was advised that a " complaint XXXX '' has been assigned the case. 

Please advise this has been 9 months past the date the loan is to be legally forgiven. I have been employed with the XXXX of New Jersey from XXXX - present. I am well beyond the time frame and am concerned I can not leave or I will not obtain loan forgiveness. 

I have no other recourse but to pay an attorney. The fact that you can be held XXXX at a job and told various incorrect information by Fedloans stating I must stay at the job until the loan is XXXX. Other companies advise this is inaccurate. This has been the worse experience of my life. XXXX months of being held beyond by consent to " wait for forgiveness '' the date of forgiveness changes and now months are being added. 

This process and the customer service/response at XXXX is XXXX disgrace as they do not know what they are saying/doing. They initially stated it was a glitch in system then said that I had to submit a reconsideration request. They advised there is no timeline for the reconsideration request. So I have been at a job for XXXX months and have other opportunities and a move that needs to occur. 

This is the biggest sham and I very much will never rely on any level of government loan assistance in the future because of how poorly this has been handled. 

I am asking for desperate help as they are in violation of 20 U.S.C. 1087e ( m ). My XXXX month was XX/XX/XXXX and I have been held waiting for this " forgiveness '' without any feedback or response. 

I have submitted various inquiries, reconsideration requests, and contact since XXXX ( without any help from XXXX ). I previously paid a company and they advised that this should have been completed in XX/XX/XXXX.
