In XX/XX/XXXX I logged into my EdFinancial account to resume payments on my consolidated student loans after learning I was XXXX payments ( depending on the loan ) away from applying for Public Service XXXX XXXX after XXXX XXXX qualifying payments. 

After taking my loan status out of forbearance I received a bill that approx {$690.00} was due for XXXX. This was the same amount I had paid previously on the XXXX program, so I then made the payment. 

About XXXX days later I received a notification from XXXX that {$1600.00} was due in XXXX. This was after I made my payment. The letter said this change happened because of the change from XXXX program to XXXX program. 

I contacted XXXX to let them know my monthly payment increased by $ XXXX, but this amount was not affordable for me. I have never paid this much in the years I have been making payments since XXXX. I mentioned I am also currently on maternity leave, our household size increased by XXXX dependent, and I need request a lower monthly payment. 

I was advised by their XXXX rep in XX/XX/XXXX to apply for an XXXX recalculation given the changes to our household size and income. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a letter from XXXX requesting income verification, which I provided for my household. On XX/XX/XXXX my payment amount due was listed as {$1000.00}. I called XXXX to see if that was the new amount, and the first rep I spoke to said he could change the payment for me and " make it lower '' but since I am a PSLF candidate I'd have to speak to their XXXX representative instead. 

He transferred my call, and they told me there had been an error and that the amount was still calculating as {$1600.00} per month, even with my adjusted household information. They submitted a research inquiry to determine why the calculation did not change the number at all. I then received another bill stating that {$1000.00} was due for XXXX. I made the payment, but did not receive any info regarding the research inquiry so I called again. XXXX 's representative XXXX told me that he would put an emergency escalation on my inquiry so I would hear back in XXXX hours. I told him that I just wanted to make the remaining qualifying payments for XXXX, but $ XXXX more each month was not afforable while on maternity leave, and I needed to request a lower payment. 

Then on XX/XX/XXXX I received an updated letter informing me that their " research '' indicated my monthly payment should still be {$1600.00}. So there was no change. Which is the amount it was originally set at even before I provided information on our updated household circumstances. The number for monthly payment didn't reduce at all. 

I wrote back to customer service to ask how that number had been calculated given the economic impacts I provided in my IDR application. XXXX was not transparent about how their " research '' is conducted to calculate that number - no information as to if they factor in things such as living expenses- as rent, cost of food, healthcare, etc have all increased for us in California 's XXXX XXXX, not to mention supporting our XXXX old infant. 

Their customer service rep wrote me back on XX/XX/XXXX with no answers to my question about how that number had been determined ( twice, by the way, with different economic inputs ). Instead they told me that if I couldn't make the payment while on maternity leave my only option was just to put my loans back in forbearance. 

But I want to make the payments to achieve forgiveness in the summer, I just need them to not be $ XXXX more than what I had been paying on XXXX XXXX. I therefore want to report this company to CFPB as they do not have the borrower 's best interests in working through loan repayment. Instead they are playing games, and not actually providing any information about my account and how to make my monthly payments affordable and reasonable for my household.
