I have had nothing but issues with edfinancial since they took over servicing for XXXX. I have a perfect repayment history ( beginning in XXXX ) for both federal and private student loans. Since taking over for XXXX XXXX, EdFinancial has made it very difficult to maintain clear communication with them. It is very difficult to log into the portal- which often results in being " locked out '' of your account for several days. It is also difficult to get an agent on the phone for assistance in nearly anything. I have enrolled in auto pay for the last decade for my student loans ( and most of my accounts elsewhere where monthly payments are due ). I have screenshots of the portal for Edfinancial that states my loan was successfully enrolled in auto pay- i do not have time to log into my portal every time they send a message in the portal since much of it is spam. Therefore, I sign up for autopay to eliminate the need to have correspondence with them since they have been so difficult to work with and get in touch with. Long story short, they never drafted payments from my personal bank account for my monthly payments- which were authorized and for which I have several documents that state the auto pay set up was successful. They have now sent my loans to collections with XXXX XXXX XXXX. There is no option to talk to an agent at XXXX and I have been callled " irresponsible '' and that no one from leadership or escalation team has the time to call me back more than twice from EdFinancial. They tell me if i was unable to answer the phone when they called twice - despite the fact that I called back as soon as I was able - that they do not owe me a call back again. I have also requested help to figuire out if I am eligible for XXXX  program since I am an XXXX and have worked at non-profits since XXXX. EdFinancial has been absolutely XXXX help in helping me navigate that. I am trying to find a way to pay off my loan IN FULL given this headache with EdFinancial. 

All that I am asking for, is for them to remove this from my credit report. Given my repayment history ( with all of my student loans since XXXX ) and my XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) - I am obviously someone who takes repayment of debt seriously and am a responsible consumer. Now this will haunt me for XXXX years and there is no one whom i can speak to who is reasonable enough to look at the entirety of the situation and offer a resolution. I find this to be absolutely horrible. Furthermore, when i spoke to an agent at edfin last week, I was told that my autopay was apparently rejected because my account was past due. This in and of itself was a mistake on edFin 's part as I has been previously enrolled in auto pay for both of my loans. I had not changed my bank account or any information and somehow they stopped auto drafting my loans which is why when I logged on my portal on ( XX/XX/XXXX ), I brought my account current ( XXXX XXXXXXXX ) and made sure my autopay was correct. On XX/XX/XXXX I received written confirmation that stated I had successfully enrolled in autopay. 

After looking at many threads online - it seems as though there are many many thousands of borrowers who have had a very similar experience with EdFinancial- especially as it relates to " XXXX XXXX '' and the confirmation messages received- which are in fact not confirmation of successful enrollment in autopay despite what they explicitly say. It seems a class action is probably in EdFinancial 's near future given the sheer volume of complaints I have seen recently. 

Attached is correspondence that I received stating that I had " successfully enrolled in autopay ''. 

Thank you for your attention to this matter. I am hopeful that you can offer some assistance towards facilitating a resolution that is fair for both parties.
