I had XXXX XXXX as my XXXX XXXX servicer for many year and was transferred to XXXX. I was hoping to eventually be eligible for forgiveness, which has since passed, but I was told to not consolidate my loans. When I was transferred to XXXX, I was told that I would not even be considered if I did not consolidate my loans and only my loans could be forgiven. I have subsidized and unsubsidized loans, which I consolidated and was transferred to Mohela ( which apparently is a branch of XXXX ). I also have several parent plus loans for XXXX of my adult children who are paying the loans in their names first. The parent plus loans stayed with XXXX. 

After the transfer, I took about XXXX  years before I could contact XXXX to talk to anyone about the payment plans/ options. I asked to be placed in a XXXX payment plan, but the plans were for XXXX or XXXX  years. I could not afford the XXXX plan ( payments would have been XXXX XXXXXXXX {$2500.00} a month, which is XXXX times my mortgage payment ). I have since talked to several people and received a different answer every time. Someone helped my set up my payments, and my XXXX in XXXX, I paid {$21000.00} in interest ( Mohela )! I was able to contact someone else who helped with my payments to make the payments go more towards the balance of my loans ; however, anything paid extra automatically goes towards interest on both Mohela and XXXX. They make it so I will NEVER be paid off. I would love to retire some day, but I will legit be stressed and dead before I make a dent in these loans at this rate. 

I attempted to call Mohela XX/XX/XXXX and several times around then to discuss anything extra on my payments going towards principle. When I did finally talk to someone, I was told that I MUST pay interest first. I asked to switch lenders and was told to contact XXXX XXXX XXXX, which I did and was told to talk to my loan servicer for questions and they only handle payments. I also contacted XXXX and received the same run around. 
My loan balance will fluctuate a few XXXX XXXX, and it usually increases. My balance from XX/XX/XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX increased about {$5000.00} with regular payments and mostly paying over what is requested. I have also asked what I would have to pay monthly to stay caught up on the interest, and I can not afford that payment. 

I am being scammed by these companies. Is there a way to transfer to a legitimate lender who will work with me on my payments. If I could pay down the principle, I would eventually pay off my loans and possibly be able to retire. 
Please help.
