on XX/XX/XXXX I received an email from Mohela stating my account was " past due. '' On XX/XX/XXXX I received another email stating " your account is XXXX days past due. '' At that time, I sent an email to Mohela on XX/XX/XXXX requesting information as to why my account is listed as " past due. '' My account does not show up as " past due '' on my end. I have never missed a payment or been late. I make very large monthly payments, much larger than my minimum payment required amount. Mohela responded to me on XX/XX/XXXX stating : " Our records indicate your account is not past due. A request has been submitted to update the status of the account. Please note a request has been submitted to review and correct the past due amount reflecting on your account. Please allow up to XXXX business days for processing. Once an update is available you will be sent notification. '' I waited until XXXX at that point, thinking the issue had been resolved, or was in the process of being resolved. On XX/XX/XXXX I received another letter stating I had missed XXXX due dates, and I had " XXXX XXXX '' The letter threatened reports to the credit bureau of missed payments. At that time ( early XX/XX/XXXX ), I called Mohela multiple times, and I have spoken with at least XXXX workers. I was informed my account has an " embedded delinquency error '' on their end. XXXX worker informed me I will need to wait the full XXXX business days and I should expect to see my account resolved by the end of XX/XX/XXXX. Another representative told me that XXXX business days was inaccurate, and I needed to " allow up to XXXX business days. '' I was informed I have to wait for my account to be resolved by their accounting team. However, accounts XXXX days past due automatically get reported to the credit bureaus. I have now received another letter from Mohela today, XX/XX/XXXX now stating my account is over XXXX days past due. When I call Mohela to speak to representatives, their automated servicing system states my account is XXXX days past due in the amount of {$0.00}. This is a clear issue on Mohela 's end that is being ignored. I have made over {$80000.00} in student loan payments to Mohela in the last XXXX  months, there is no possible way my account is past due. Every attempt I have made to resolve this issue with Mohela has been ignored. When I submitted a complaint to Mohela on XX/XX/XXXX, they responded to my complaint by sending me a letter on XX/XX/XXXX informing me of different repayment options. The representative I spoke with at Mohela informing me I needed to allow XXXX business days also denied me the ability to speak with anyone else regarding this issue. I asked if I would be able to speak with anyone from the accounting team and he stated that was not possible and there was nothing for me to do other than wait. At this point, I am unsure of how else to proceed as nobody at Mohela is willing to help me in resolving this ongoing issue.
