I have been employed with the XXXX of Missouri since XX/XX/XXXX. On repeated occasions I have submitted PSLF certification forms certifying my employment history back to my start date. I have reported to Federal Student Aid at least 5 times my payment count is incorrect because they are failing to include XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXX, shorting me 4 payments in my account history for that time period and to meet the XXXX required payments for PSLF. Through this timeframe I have certified my employment through PSLF every year - XX/XX/XXXX my employment was again certified by the PSLF form being signed by my employer. This should have satisfied my requirement until the following XX/XX/XXXX. Instead, my account was placed on forbearance unknown to me, which takes away ANY months counting towards my PSLF. Their Federal Student Aid website has claimed for 2 years that PSLF counts are being updated. This is an atrocity that our lives and accounts can be treated so haphazardly with no account for timeliness or correct action being taken. My account should not have been placed on forbearance in XX/XX/XXXX. That is now 19 months that even though IS certified as PSLF months, will NOT count towards my repayment history because of their original mistake of putting my account in forbearance status that it should not have been in. Federal Student Aid has had access to my taxes the entire time to keep my in an IDR as I originally was. I just this month received notice from Federal Student Aid that it was time to update my PSLF form. Now, add the fact they have a policy that clearly states any account that was in an IDR, that entered in forbearance for more than 36 months, that those months SHOULD also count as payments. My account I added up 37 months of forbearance ( a large chunk created by their haphazard mistake ). My federal loans currently show 90 PSLF payments. If you add the 4 payments they are not correctly counting at the start of my employment XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXX 90+4 = 94, then add the last 19 months XX/XX/XXXX - current- they put me on forbearance incorrectly that SHOULD equal PSLF months 94 + 19 = 113 of 120 payments. BUT when you add my 37 months of forbearance now since those can't be PSLF months that still adds up 90 + 4 + 37 = 131 which is 11 over the required 120 payments. My loan should be discharged at this point. I am not brand new. I have electronic proof of everything. My job is to write POLICY for Missouri XXXX and I didn't land here by chance. It is frankly just sad to me that a federal institution can operate in such a manner. My XXXX XXXX report is attached and clearly documents everything I have stated above to be the truth. I can provide further evidence of my employment being certified for those 4 months and that being directly ignored by Federal Student Aid. I see this daily at my job where unless you know a Senator or someone at XXXX XXXX, no one cares about your XXXX case. I am prepared to seek legal action if that's what it takes to get this resolved, I refuse to continue to be bullied by this agency and their bad business ethics. Please investigate my claims and hold this agency accountable for their actions or lack there of I should say. It is very false and misleading to say the PSLF program is to help public service workers when you are made to jump through hoop after hoop to actually get those months to count correctly.
