Filed Complaint XXXX I filed a complaint agaisnt Mohela for a student loan that should not exist. Mohela claims to have consolidated a loan, and they provided a promisary note on XX/XX/XXXX, the signature on file does not have a timestamp or watermark. However, the signature was " signed '' on XX/XX/XXXX, and has incorrect information ( Address and Signature ) that was not up to date with what I was receiving on XX/XX/XXXX - my first letter from the US department of Education, indicating that I have a defaulted loan with XXXX XXXX XXXX. I applied for a loan consolidation for XXXX XXXX XXXX, however I was denied because, the debt was considered PRIVATE. A loan Consolidation for a PRIVATE loan is not possible. XXXX XXXX XXXX, Fasfa and the US dept. of Education confirmed this for me MULTIPLE times. I have proof of a timeline and I have proof that Mohela did not " consolidate '' until XX/XX/XXXX. I signed a Loan Rehabilitation application for XXXX XXXX XXXX and I followed the steps to pay off my loan. Once rehabilitated I settled the debt and paid it off, I even have the debt settlement note from XXXX XXXX prooving that the debt no longer exists. I have called XXXX  XXXX XXXX and the Department of Education and BOTH confirmed that the debt fell onto XXXX, then XXXX, and finally to XXXX. Both XXXX and XXXX confirmed the existence of the debt and provided proof of settlement. Mohela has not provided proof and has only supplied an incorrectly informed promissary note. Everytime I call, they can not provide me with any information as to what they consolidated. The promisary note provided was not even available on Fasfa until XX/XX/XXXX and was not available on XXXX student site until XX/XX/XXXX. The document was also expired in XXXX. Fasfa 's historical timeline also indicates that the completion of consolidation was on XX/XX/XXXX. So again, how is that possible? What did Mohela consolidate? Even as I call Debt Resolution Group, they send me to XXXX, then XXXX, then XXXX. No one sends me to Mohela, I've even called to confirm with Fasfa on the Mohela account, they can not provide me with any information. Please, I don't want to get my attourney involved and I do not want a lawsuit. But I am getting Desparate. Nothing makes sense. This debt should not exist.
