On XX/XX/XXXX, I took out a private student loan with my Dad as the co-signer. In XXXX, I signed separate private student loan this time with my mother as my co-signer. Both loans were originally issued by XXXX, but later sold/or transferred to Firstmark Services . After taking a semester off college, my deferment period ended and I was asked to begin making monthly payments. Upon signing in and setting up my Firstmark account, we discovered that Firstmark 's system has listed my mother as the primary borrower for the XXXX loan. My mother did not sign the XXXX loan, and is not listed on the promissory note, and the promissory note clearly lists me as the borrower and now deceased father as the co-signer. Yet, they have listed my mother has the borrower and have been calling her harassing her for payments on the loan despite her informing them she is not the borrower or signed to the loan. Because Firstmark 's system does not show me being attached to the loan, they have denied me access to said loan, and said they are unable to discuss the account with me. Despite the fact that I had been previously receiving statements on my account for the XXXX loan, until XX/XX/XXXX. At at the same time, have informed my mother that she was in fact the primarily borrower over the phone. And have provided my mother with loan information for the XXXX loan, and sent her a copy of the XXXX promissory note despite her not being a obligor on that loan. I did not authorize access and disclosure of my loan documents to a non-obligated third-party. Around XXXX or XXXX of XXXX, a monthly payment was made on my account for the XXXX loan. However, Firstmark reversed that payment and applied a portion of that payment to the XXXX loan. However, because the XXXX loan does not appear under my online account, I do not have access to it. I was never informed the funds would be redirected to a loan not visible to me and which I am denied access to. I only found out because my account showed late/missing payments despite me making the payment, and it required my mother a non-affiliated third party to find out where the funds were sent. My mother and I have called Firstmark both separately and on a joint phone call and informed them over the phone that I was the correct borrower on the XXXX loan and to correct the error, but they have failed to do so. Despite being informed that my mother is not an obligor on the XXXX loan, and after providing her with a copy of the promissory note that clearly shows she did not sign the loan, Firstmark has continued to contact her, talk down to her, dismiss her when informing them she is not the loan borrower. Because Firstmarks system does not list me as a borrower on the XXXX loan, despite the loan appearing on my credit report, I filed a dispute with XX/XX/XXXX regarding the inaccurate borrower designation. My dispute was subsequently denied.
