I previously had a consolidate federal student loan with an account with Mohela from XXXX. I would like to request my transaction history with Mohela during this time as I can no longer log onto the mohela website and obtain them myself. I am unable to send a secure message through the account as it will not allow me to log in and states " no account found ''. There is no online platform to allow me to directly contact Mohela. I subsequently called the XXXX number recommended and spent XXXX mins on hold and when I finally talked to someone they looked into it and said they do not have the records as they were all given to XXXX XXXX and I need to go through XXXX XXXX. As I have already asked for these records from XXXX XXXX in the past and they have directed me to go to Mohela to get the records from them for the time when they were my servicer, I asked to do a conference call with XXXX XXXX and she laughed and told me she was not going to call XXXX XXXX. When I again said Im asking for a complete transaction report from XXXX XXXX XXXX while with Mohela that they are legally obligated to keep, the rep I was talking to muted her end and refused to talk to me. She stopped responding without ending the call. I kept it running for another XXXX minutes asking more questions and for someone else that could help me but was talking to dead space with the call still running. I unfortunately had to go into work at this point so hung up the call total call time was XXXX mins. I have already filed a complaint with XXXX XXXX ( CFPB complaint number XXXX ) because of fraudulent interest on my account and the response was that this is the information they received when my loan was redistributed to them and there is nothing they can do to help. I did not request a redistribution, this was done by the Dept of Education and the interest accrual was reported to be during the month of transition. I have missed no payments and was on XXXX so after my payment, my interest was subsidized completely. I am asking for a complete transaction report for the life of my loan and neither company is willing to provide or help me access this information. I am trying to get my loan amount corrected so I can start paying the loan off but I should not have to pay for interest that I do not owe on an account that was getting subsidized for the life of the loan.
