I have a private student loan with Navient/XXXX XXXX It originated with XXXX XXXX in XXXX. In XXXX years, my loan has a total accrued interest of {$41000.00}. The original principal was {$17000.00}. I have paid approximately {$35000.00} and still owe {$25000.00}. Estimated pay off date is XXXX/XXXX/XXXX. In my early XXXX, I was misled by my schools sales pitches and was ill-prepared to pay off a large student loan. I attended school for XXXX months. I have a certificate, not a diploma or a degree. I was unable to obtain a federal loan, so I was pressured into taking out a private loan and having a co-signer on this loan ( my XXXX ). He is now in his XXXX and he nor I should not have to deal with this unnecessary and fraudulent financial burden. I believe this loan is unlawful and predatory. Over the years, I have struggled to make high payments. Navient has used deceptive practices for payments. They never let me change my payment date or help lower my monthly payments or high interest rates. I have always had every intention of paying off this loan. I have never went into default and have always tried to pay my monthly payments on time. I graduated from my school in XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Oregon ( formally XXXX XXXX XXXX ). My school misled me with false job placement rates and inflated salary promises. They promised the assistance of finding a high paying job in the culinary field before graduation and I was not given any job preparation as promised. After graduation, I was unable to find a job in my field which led to financial harm and I struggled to pay my school loan every month. I was XXXX of XXXX students that was part of a lawsuit against my school and its parent company XXXX XXXX XXXX. The school was accused of violating XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX by claiming high job success rates while most graduates ended up in low wage entry level positions. The lawsuit, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX had a settlement reached in XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX shut down in the XXXX in XXXX as part of a federal crackdown on predatory for profit schools that the advantage of students. For years I have tried to find means to an end to get my loan forgiven or XXXX because of my school being accused of misconduct. In XXXX, Navient quietly began sending XXXX XXXX XXXX to loan borrowers. I was not given any information about this program and only stumbled upon it online. The application itself is confusing and hard to follow. I have sent in XXXX applications and have been denied XXXX. Their explanations of the denials are vague and confusing. My email stated I have XXXX more opportunity for an appeal so I recently sent another application in with more information. Then I received an email saying my recent inquiry was a duplicate and my inquiry has been closed. The last application was not a duplicate and this is false information that I have been consulting with lawyers about. I believe Navient knows how old my loan is ( XXXX years ) and uses it to their advantage to not discharge the loan because they know any proof or correspondence I had with the school is gone or hard to find. All of my correspondence with the school is on an old email that is has since been deleted and their school website has been deleted as well.
