XXXX ) The message below was sent to my loan servicer ( Mohela ) on XX/XX/XXXX through my online account. " On XX/XX/XXXX I spoke w/ representative XXXX XXXX agent ID XXXX ) to request an update on my XXXX application as it has been over 2 months since I applied. The agent kept repeating herself like a robot saying there was no information or time-table that could be provided on when a decision would be made on the application. I asked to speak to a supervisor but she declined. The major problem here is that I am accruing interest each month. This means Mohela is causing me financial losses due to processing delays and is not even allowing me to speak to a supervisor. This could warrant legal action. Alternatively, I can first contact the Federal Student Aid ( FSA ) ombudsman and local reps. Before taking/exploring any action, I am requesting here in writing to be provided an update ( approximate time table to range ) on when a decision will be made on my application. '' XXXX ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I received correspondence via e-mail from Mohela stating that my Income Driven Repayment ( IDR ) application was denied due to not submitting my tax/income verification form, which was factually incorrect. I XXXX percent did submit such forms- and this was confirmed by the Mohela agent, XXXX XXXX I spoke with on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I called Mohela for an update on my situation. XXXX XXXX acknowledged receiving the messages above and stated that they were looking into the matter. I asked for his agent ID but he said he had none. He also said that there was no time table as to when my issue would be resolved. XXXX ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I attempted to file complaint against Mohela through the XXXX web site but there was an error on the last page. Thus, I was unable to submit the complaint. Therefore, I called XXXX and made the complaint by phone w/ a live agent. I was told it would take about XXXX weeks for the ombudsman to investigate and for me to get a response. XXXX ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I called Fed XXXX XXXX for an update. There was no update since as per XXXX agent XXXX, * there was record of my call-but no record of my complaint. * XXXX then directed me back to the XXXX web site to make the complaint online. This time the complaint was able to be submitted. XXXX ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted XXXX for an update since it has been about 30 days ( well over the XXXX mark I was told I would get a response ) since filing the complaint. The agent ( XXXX XXXX stated there was no update in the system and that I would have to continue waiting for the Ombudsman to contact me directly by phone of email. As per agent, there was no option for me to contact the Ombudsman directly nor for XXXX itself to contact the Ombudsman to request an update on my behalf. It should also be noted that we are now at the end of XX/XX/XXXX and there still has been no contact from Mohela.
