I have a $ XXXX student loan and no records and my XXXX has been avoided. These loans need to be removed from my credit. I have worked for a hospital for over XXXX years and the loans are still not removed & they have no proof of them. FCRA 611 Credit Report Debt Validation XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : XX/XX/XXXX Last XXXX of XXXX : XXXX Date : XX/XX/XXXX Re : Formal Dispute Under FCRA 611 ( 15 U.S.C. 1681i ) To Whom It May Concern, I am writing to formally dispute inaccurate and/or unverifiable information appearing on my credit report pursuant to Section 611 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( 15 U.S.C. 1681i ). Under 611 ( a ), you are required to conduct a reasonable reinvestigation of disputed information within 30 days and delete any information that can not be verified as accurate and complete. The following account ( s ) are disputed : XXXX Name : XXXX Account XXXX : XXXX Balance : $ XXXX Date XXXX This account is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, and/or can not be properly verified. Pursuant to FCRA 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), I request that you : 1. Conduct a reasonable reinvestigation. 2. Provide the method of verification used ( 611 ( a ) ( 6 ) ( B ) ( iii ) ). 3. Provide the name, address, and telephone number of the furnisher who verified the information ( 611 ( a ) ( 6 ) ( B ) ( iii ) ). 4. Delete the account immediately if it can not be verified as accurate and complete ( 611 ( a ) ( 5 ) ( A ) ). If the information is verified, please provide copies of all documentation relied upon in your investigation, including : Original signed contract or application w ith my hand written consent Failure to conduct a reasonable reinvestigation may constitute non-compliance with the FCRA and subject your company to liability under 15 U.S.C. 1681n and 1681o. Please complete this investigation within the statutory 30-day period and provide me with an updated copy of my credit report reflecting the results. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.
