I currently am on a Income Driven Repayment plan with Aidvantage. In my account settings since they have been my loan provider, I have checked " Yes, Bill me for my full monthly payment.You will be required to make a full monthly payment with your next billing statement. This is your saved direction. '' under Billing Directions : Well always apply your Overpayment toward your Current Balance. When you make a payment that is equal to or more than the amount of future monthly payments, do you want to be billed for your full Monthly Payment Amount? I was making extra payments, but it was forwarding my payment date to the next month despite my setting selection. I requested to switch payment plans to a standard or gradauted plan to increase my payment amount so I can pay off my loans faster in XXXX of XXXX. I received a denial because " Were unable to process your repayment plan request due to the following reason ( s ) : Your account is not scheduled to go into repayment within the next 45 days. What you need to know Your loans will remain in the existing repayment plan and youll need to continue making your payments as scheduled. Please refer to your most recent billing statement or log in to your account at Aidvantage.studentaid.gov for specific payment details. '' Even though I still should have had a payment for the following month. I contacted them on the phone again, since there is no option for me to request to change my plan myself online, and they told me I had to stop making additional payments and try again in XX/XX/XXXX. I followed their instructions, even though this is making my loans grow, and in XXXX was again denied with the same message. I contacted them again, and they said they made another request and sent me a document saying they fixed the overpayment issue on my account " Weve adjusted your account, so the due dates are the same. A review of your account revealed that you were given different payment due dates for your loans. Weve adjusted your account, so the due dates are the same for the loans listed below. Date of Last Payment Received : XX/XX/XXXX Amount of Last Payment Received : {$210.00} Next Payment Due Date : XX/XX/XXXX Monthly Payment Amount : {$210.00} ''. The request still did not go through, and now they are not sending me decisions in my inbox either ; I'm just not hearing from that at all. The most recent request I made was on XX/XX/XXXX and they said they put it in as a High Priority and it should go through no later than XX/XX/XXXX. I again asked for confirmation of the request being made via email or my inbox in my account so I could have it for my records, to which they replied there's no way for them to provide that. I asked if I could make extra payments while I waited since my loan is now been growing since XXXX when this process started, and they advised against making extra payments until after the request is processed. It is now XX/XX/XXXX and it still has not gone through. I have called them again and explained the situation and they are just submitting the same request again saying it should go through by XX/XX/XXXX or XX/XX/XXXX. Due to them not processing the request or providing any reasoning behind why it's not being processed, my loan has grown by over {$3000.00} in interest. Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I requested written record that this request was submitted, and was told again that there's no way to see the notations they are making on my account or information about the pending requests or why they have not been processed yet until after it is processed. There is no option to change your repayment plan myself online I am entirely dependent on their representatives to submit requests on my behalf, which means I have no recourse when they fail to act. I asked to speak to a supervisor today, and was told there was no supervisor available for me to speak but that they looked at my account and I still just have to wait. I am requesting that Aidvantage immediately process my repayment plan change to a Standard or Graduated plan, and that the interest accrued since XX/XX/XXXX as a direct result of their failure to process my request be waived or credited to my account.
