This is my third complaint ( in the more recent matter ) regarding a fraudulent Direct Unsubsidized Loan ( Loan ID : XXXX ; Account : XXXX ) associated with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX which I never attended. Prior complaints : XXXX and XXXX. Aidvantage 's XX/XX/year> response states the Department of Education denied my fraud claim. That denial is wrong and unsupported. The Master Promissory Note Aidvantage itself produced during my dispute contains my personal information but uses an email address I never created. The application is a near-identical copy of my legitimate XXXX XXXX loan with only select fields changed a textbook identity theft pattern. Since filing complaint XXXX on XX/XX/year>, I have : ( 1 ) sent certified mail legal demand letters to Aidvantage at both its XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX addresses ; ( 2 ) filed a complaint with the DOE Office of Inspector General ; ( 3 ) filed a complaint with the Texas Attorney General Consumer Protection Division ; ( 4 ) filed an FTC Identity Theft Report ; ( 5 ) submitted a sworn notarized affidavit ; and ( 6 ) requested constituent assistance from Senator Cornyn 's office. I am formally demanding : ( 1 ) immediate removal of this fraudulent loan ; ( 2 ) correction of NSLDS and all credit bureau records ; ( 3 ) production of the complete loan origination file ; ( 4 ) written confirmation I bear no liability ; and ( 5 ) a substantive explanation of the basis for the DOE denial, with supporting documentation. Aidvantage is on notice ( and, in fact, was previously on notice in prior communications ) via CFPB complaints, certified mail ( more recently ), and regulatory filings ( more recently ) to PRESERVE ALL RECORDS related to this loan. That includes, but is not limited to, phone recordings, internal communications, external communications ( esp to ASU and the DOE ). Continued servicing of a loan Aidvantage knows is disputed as fraudulent may violate the FCRA, the Higher Education Act, and Texas consumer protection law. I have real damages and will be pursuing legal remedies if this is not resolved prior to the date outlined in my certified letters to Aidvantage.
