Originally spoke to XXXXAES about my loans in XX/XX/XXXX, they reported to me that I paid approximately $ XXXX on loans that totaled $ XXXX, but that I still owed $ XXXX. Requesting all loan documents to include promissory notes and full payment history. I received 9 promissory notes and full payment history in pieces for me to figure out what loans went to which documents. I then sent a fax XX/XX/XXXX ( attached ). When I called for their fax number and verbally asked for some of the information, I was told that they could not give me that information or that they did not know the answer. They sent me a letter stating they would respond within 10 days. After the 10 days they sent a letter including 12 loans, when the original loans were only 9. Which I only received 9 promissory notes for. According to XXXXAES payment history I have 90mo on 70mo terms, they stated they could reset those and the 70mo terms without my knowledge or new loan agreements. There are several discrepancies. The loan count changed from 9 to 12. The original principal amount changed from $ XXXX to $ XXXX ( but on the phone, stated it was closer to {$43.00} ) without any documentation. Paid loans have been removed from statements without " paid in full '', without payoff statements, dates, or final accounting. The total payments don't match to the remaining balance. There has been no documentation sent of how payments were allocated, how much went to principal or interest, why capitalization occurred or when, and why fees were added ( outside of contract ). Several loans listed in the servicers XX/XX/XXXX response have contractual repayment terms of 70 months beginning between XXXX and XXXX, which would have ended between XXXX and XXXX. Despite this, the loans remain listed as in repayment with balances in XXXX. No documentation was provided explaining deferments, capitalization events, or term extensions that would account for this discrepancy. When I asked for loan reconciliation, payment allocation history, capitalization needs, and payoff statements I did not receive any of that documentation.
