Where do I begin? I was told by the university I attended before I graduated that my loans would be forgiven after 10 years. Its one of the reasons I went into teaching so I wouldnt have debt hanging over my head for years to come. I was also told that I absolutely had to get a XXXX XXXX in order to keep my license. After graduation in XXXX my payments were set up incorrectly so I wasnt enrolled in the PSLF. We went back and forth about it for several years. Fast forward about 8 years, I was never given credit for the years that I taught. Eventually, I gave up teaching altogether. Nothing I was told was true. No credit for the years I taught is reflected on my loans, I didnt need a Masters degree, and now here I am 16 years later with a loan over {$150000.00}. I just checked today and it says my principal loan amount is {$130000.00}. Completely wrong. I cant make heads or tails of any of it anymore. Its an absolute mess. My student loans were supposed to be forgiven in the year XXXX ( after the first lie of not getting them forgiven in 10 years ). Then it changed to XXXX. Now Im on the SAVE plan thats in forbearance because the government is fighting it, and if I enroll in a new plan, it shows my loans wont be forgiven until XXXX. Now Im dealing with another issue where 2 loans suddenly dropped off the SAVE plan that MOHELA cant figure out and causing me to make payments on just those 2 loans. They dont know why, they cant fix it, they cant put then back on the SAVE planthey are literally useless. Im getting ready to call them again and Im sure well go in circles about it. This is a nightmare. I wish Id never attempted to go into the teaching field based on all the lies I was told. Ive attached the new payment thats not supposed to there until the government figures out what to do with SAVE. Oh, and last year around XXXX I was sent emails saying I MUST go under a new plan or Im going to owe {$1800.00} a month and then I find it I dont need a new plan after alland the madness just goes on and on.
