Subject : Complaint Regarding Improper Billing and Harassment for XXXX XXXX in School Deferment I am filing this complaint against XXXX XXXX / University Accounting Service , LLC regarding the improper billing and collection activity on my XXXX XXXX XXXX. I have been continuously enrolled in school since XXXX. According to the Federal Student Aid ( FAFSA ) system, my XXXX loan is currently in in-school deferment, meaning payments are not required at this time. Despite this, XXXX XXXX continues to send monthly statements requesting payment and has contacted me repeatedly regarding a balance that is not due. I have notified them multiple times that the loan is in deferment and provided documentation from the FAFSA website verifying my enrollment and deferment status. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received another billing statement showing a payment due of {$40.00}, even though the loan should not be in repayment status. The statement also shows interest accrual activity, which raises additional concerns because the loan should be properly coded under deferment. This continued billing and collection activity is causing unnecessary stress and appears to be improper servicing of a federally backed student loan. I am also concerned that these actions could negatively affect my credit report if the servicer incorrectly reports delinquency. I am requesting the following relief : Immediate correction of my loan status to reflect in-school deferment. Immediate cessation of billing statements and collection calls while the loan is in deferment. Written confirmation that no negative credit reporting has occurred and assurance that my credit will not be impacted. Correction or reversal of any interest or charges that may have been improperly applied during the deferment period. Confirmation that my loan account has been properly updated in their servicing system. I have documentation from the Federal Student Aid system verifying my enrollment and deferment eligibility and can provide it upon request. I am requesting that the CFPB investigate this matter and require the servicer to correct my account immediately.
