This is not a duplicate complaint against XXXX XXXX, this has updated information regarding have no other drivers license besides in the state of XXXX. And screenshots showing this is the only consumer finance protection board account CFPB, I have ever used, assuming this is not spoofed and still under the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX email address I XXXX XXXX social security ending XXXX, XXXX XXXX, have no other CFPB account. I have never been married, no civil union, sterile no progeny, and no lawyer, paralegal, intern, anyone is working on my behalf in the XXXX, but in XXXX and XXXX. I have no financial access. XXXX XXXX gave a loan to my knowledge for XXXX {$000.00}, XXXX XXXX dollars that they should never have given and were even sued for. Supposedly a lawyer named XXXX XXXX was involved in litigation in pursuing a class action lawsuit. XXXX. XXXX. I XXXX XXXX, social security ending XXXX, XXXX XXXX, was never informed how much was actually taken out and never actually refunded. I am temporarily unhoused due to this id theft and fraud, and staying in my vehicle by a friend of a families church friends ' house in XXXX XXXX XXXX. I am not in any hotels at this time. I am not in any military, law enforcement, healthcare, education jobs at this time due to flat feet, XXXX, and XXXX. I want the CFPB to publish this description on consumerfinance.gov so that others can learn from my experience. The CFPB will take steps to remove my personal information from this description but someone may still be able to identify me. Learn how it works. I consent to publishing this description after the CFPB has taken these steps. Inactive modal What would be a fair resolution to this issue? I XXXX XXXX social security ending XXXX, XXXX XXXX want all of my money, from every private loan company that XXXX XXXX used to get money, back. A photo of my fingerprints is already on file with the CFPB in my XXXX complaint. I also need to press federal charges against whoever did this and I know it wasn't my family but possibly a corrupt law enforcement group outside of XXXX or XXXX XXXX something or other since the person who posed as a lawyer was XXXX XXXX. I am attaching a copy of the CFPB XXXX I have registered along with all the current complaints I have, this is not a duplicate complaint, I have no other CFPB account. I am also attaching copies of myself, my side profile ( face ) and my XXXX driver 's license, XXXX use passports, XXXX passport, and drivers license. And attaching copies of the XXXX attorney general complaint form I filed in person in XXXX XXXX. Also attached is all of the financial cards and financial accounts stolen from me which I do not have access to. ( From original updated complaint ).
