Initially, I was unable to pay on my Mohela account because I was unable to login to the new platform. After calling in and waiting several hours, I was able to get onto the portal and resume making payments. However, each month I receive two emails back to back ; one stating a payment is coming up followed by another stating my payment is past due. Mohela has consistently failed to email payment reminders on-time, forcing a missed payment. To rectify this issue, I signed up for auto-payments. However, an auto-payment has never been taken out of my account, thus resulting in more " missed/late payments ''. From me on XX/XX/year> : Hello, I am following up on my previous complaint. I currently have auto-payment set up for my student loans through Mohela- but each month I receive a noticed that my payment is past due. Despite paying between $ XXXX each month, my balance does not go down. I would really appreciate someones help looking into this matter. I called Mohela and spent 3 hours on hold to speak with someone who dismissed my questions and refused to answer them and help me. Im trying to pay off these loans but am unable to. From me on XX/XX/year> : Hello, I want to document this because I received yet another email from Mohela saying that I have a payment that is past due, but I am enrolled in auto-pay. I really need some assistance here. I dont understand why this keeps happening and XXXX doing all of the right things to try to pay these loans. Can someone please assist me? From me on XX/XX/year> : Please note, this has not been solved and I need further assistance. I just received another notice stating Im past due with a monthly payment of {$440.00} but I have an auto-pay set up for {$610.00}. Can someone please assist me? This has been ongoing for two years and is very worrisome! Response from FSA on XX/XX/year> : Thank you for contacting the U.S. Department of Educations ( ED ) Office of Federal Student Aid. We have received your inquiry regarding the Federal Direct Student Loan that is currently being serviced by MOHELA. Your concern, as we understand it, is regarding that you recently received a missed payment notification and when you tried to log into your online account to make payments, you were unable to login to your account. You also inquired about MOHELA 's long hold times and that when you was able to speak with a representative from MOHELA, they refused to answer your question on the inconsistent payments that have been taken to repay your loans over the past year as each month a different amount was paid. MOHELA 's records indicate that your online account with them at XXXX is active and was last accessed on XX/XX/year>. With regard to the long hold times, please accept our sincere apologies. We value your feedback, as we understand how important it is to offer exceptional service. MOHELA has experienced significantly heightened demands recently, and we understand that this has made it difficult to connect with specialists to discuss your concerns. Please be assured your servicer is working diligently to provide an improved experience for all student loan borrowers moving forward. Your loans are on the Pay As You Earn ( PAYE ) repayment plan with the monthly payment amount of {$610.00}. The present amount due on XX/XX/year>, is {$490.00}. The amount that you paid each month was changing due to your account being past due for some months and some months being paid ahead. A request has been made of MOHELA to send you a copy of your financial history. A federal court issued an injunction preventing the U.S. Department of Education from implementing parts of the Saving on a Valuable Education ( SAVE ) Plan and other IDR plans. ED is assessing the ruling and will continue to update XXXX with more information. Thank you for your feedback.
