I initiated a {$590.00} payment from my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX balance to my MOHELA federal student loan on XX/XX/XXXX. After nearly XXXX months of the payment not reflecting on my loan balance, I followed up with both XXXX and MOHELA. After a few months of failed attempts to resolve this with MOHELA, I contacted XXXX and was able to escalate the issue with them almost immediately. Each time they were responsive, but didn't have much they could do to help the situation since the payment was " lost '' on MOHELA 's end. I reached out to XXXX again in XX/XX/XXXX after several failed attempts with MOHELA. The XXXX customer service representative that I spoke with XXXX day offered to do a check trace to confirm which date the check was cashed, in hopes that this info would help MOHELA narrow down their search and find the payment in their system. The check trace was completed on XX/XX/XXXX and I relayed that information to MOHELA shortly after -- both via phone call and by uploading the check trace confirmation email to my MOHELA account. The check trace showed the check was issued to MOHELA XX/XX/XXXX and cashed on XX/XX/XXXX. There has been no progress since then and I am currently working with XXXX to have them fax a photo of the check to MOHELA, as more concrete proof of the payment. MOHELA has been extremely difficult to communicate with on the issue, but I was able to get my case escalated to a higher-up team several times and was advised each time that the payment would be reflected on my account within XXXX business days. Each time the 10 days passed with no update and no payment reflected on my loan balance. I asked for email confirmations of the escalation several times but was told that was not possible each time. I also asked if it was possible to have a direct number for the escalation team so that I wouldn't need to spend hours on hold, but was told that was also not possible. At this point, I have called MOHELA roughly a dozen times over the past year on this specific issue. Totaling over XXXX hours on hold and on the phone with service representatives. It's important to note that I have done payments from XXXX to MOHELA via this process several times and all other payments were reflected on my account within a few weeks of issuance. The request process on each one was identical to this missing payment. So I do not believe this is an issue with XXXX -- it seems to be a mistake on MOHELA 's end.
