I formally disputed the default status of my federal student loan. I was not properly notified of delinquency, default, acceleration, and/or transfer of this loan. I especially disputed the accuracy of information provided to me regarding my loan balance. I was informed that my balance was XXXX, which materially affected my understanding of the loans status and my ability to take timely action. I saw the XXXX balance ( no payment due ) in XX/XX/year>. The deferment date, according to XXXX and a letter from the guarantor ( ECMC ), is XX/XX/year>. For XXXX months before the deferment date, the servicer ( XXXX ) presented the loan as having no balance and no payment due. At this point, it was not an assumption that the loan was forgiven ; the servicer actually told me there was no loan. During the period in question, I was unable to make payments because I was informed that my loan balance was XXXX. All available phone contact directed me to the online account system, which consistently reflected a XXXX balance and no payment due. I relied on this information, and as a result, I was not able to make payments on a loan before its deferment date I have been in communication with Sloan and XXXX for almost a year. In that time, I have received numerous dates as the date of deferment, but XXXX says XX/XX/year>. I understand 270 days without a payment is significant, and I hit this threshold. Sloan notified me that my loan was in danger of defaulting in the future, but did not notify me of an actual default, nor did they notify me of a filed claim or of a transfer. They only presented a XXXX balance loan. I attempted to cure the delinquency prior to claim payment but was prevented from doing so. During the period after 270 days delinquency and before guarantor payment, I was unable to make a payment despite willingness and ability. This effectively denied me a meaningful opportunity to avoid default. I saved and have documentation of everything, but all of it is too much for this website. I will attach a screenshot of the XXXX balance and the letter from XXXX telling me of the XX/XX/year> default date. I would be happy to share everything in some other way.
