All calls to Mohela were to customer service at XXXX regarding past due notice and past due account that is not past due. Below find my calls to Mohela. I have attached screen shots from the website showing their sit shows me past due, default letter and a screen shot of the payments posted. XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX transferred to XXXX XXXX, escalation supervisor- Explained ot her all my payments have been drafted each month on an ACH form my bank account and no payments have been returned. I am not behind o payments. She reviewed the account and stated and she could see their was an error on their end and sending a request to account to research. Will take 7-10 business days. XX/XX/XXXX XXXX I checked my account and it still showed past due. I called Mohela and was transferred to advanced representative XXXX. She informed, the review can take up to 90 days. XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Mohela spoke with escalation supervisor XXXX. Explained again my account is not past due and their site even shows all payments drafted. I dont understand why this is so difficult to correct. She stated she can see payments and that the account is not behind and is referring to accounting to review and correct. 10 business days to review. XX/XX/XXXX called Mohela spoke with escalation supervisor XXXX. Explained the situation again and that I am not behind on my payments and this needs to be corrected ASAP. Mohela account summary shows all payments have been drafted. I was told I could file a complaint with Ombudsman with StudentAid.gov. She sent an escalation request to review the account for correction. XX/XX/XXXX XXXX ; XXXX spoke to Mohela escalation supervisor XXXX. She reviewed account and can see billing applied the payments but did not clear the past due. Sent request to account to correct this action. XX/XX/XXXX called Mohela spoke with XXXX and left message for a supervisor call back. No return call received XX/XX/XXXX XXXX called Mohela spoke with escalation supervisor XXXX. Again, explained the situation and she sent it to accounting as an escalation for review. Filed complaint with Student Aid Ombudsman on XX/XX/XXXX through their online process. No response from them was received I called them on XX/XX/XXXX and I was told the file was opened XX/XX/XXXX and referred back to Mohela. I explained to the rep they are not helping and I need the Ombudsman to assist with getting this cleared up. The rep just kept telling me I needed to contact Mohela. This system offered no assistance with a provider that is not willing to correct a situation they created. On XX/XX/XXXX I received a message from Mohela in the form of a letter that my loan will be in default if I do not clear up the past due amount with in 30 days of the letter. . I do not know what else to do to get this cleared up. If Mohela is not able to correct their system due to an IT issue they need to stop all automation and past due notices and default letters. They should have my account flagged in some way that it is not past due and it is their error and working on correcting the situation. This is not happening.
