On XX/XX/XXXX, I filed a Federal Student Loan Discharge with MOHELA, hoping that the matter would be taken seriously, investigated thoroughly, and a fair decision rendered. Instead, my case was mismanaged, with privacy breaches, violations of laws, and regulatory standards. MOHELA sent another Student 's Loan Discharge Response to my address, including her Student Loan ID Number and Student Loan Balances ( Copy of Letter Attached ). Here are some of the Laws that MOHELA may be breaking : 1. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ( GLBA ) - Safeguards Rule As a financial institution and loan servicer, MOHELA must comply with the GLBA. What it does : Requires financial institutions to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of consumer information. The Violation : Sending sensitive financial data ( discharge status, account numbers, balances ) to the wrong person constitutes a failure to secure nonpublic personal information. 2. Privacy Act of 1974 Since MOHELA is acting as a contractor for the U.S. Department of Education, they are handling federal records. They agreed to : Protect individual privacy by limiting the disclosure of personal information maintained by federal agencies and their contractors. The Violation : Unauthorized disclosure of PII to an ineligible third party violates the strict privacy standards required for federal student loan records. XXXX. Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) If the mismatched information causes inaccurate reporting on your credit file or the other student 's file, this violates the FCRA, which mandates accuracy in consumer reporting and prevents the improper " mixing '' of files. The Violation : Misreporting or improperly exposing data that leads to inaccurate account representation ( e.g., mixing files ) violates the duty to ensure accuracy. 4. Consumer Financial Protection Act ( CFPA ) - UDAAP The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) enforces laws against Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices ( UDAAP ). The UDAAP prohibits financial service providers from acting unfairly or abusively toward consumers. The Violation : Repeated Offenses ; Mismanaging loan records to the point of exposing private data is considered a failure in servicing, which has been cited in recent lawsuits and federal oversight reports against MOHELA. 5. State Privacy and Data Breach Notification Laws Most states have laws requiring businesses to protect consumer data and notify them in the event of a breach. The Violation : If the information was sent to an unauthorized person, it constitutes a data breach and requires notification, potentially violating state-level negligence laws. Additionally, MOHELA 'S reason ( s ) for both Denials are identical and are " cookie-cutter | copy/paste language.
