I am submitting this complaint because I have received conflicting and insufficient responses from both Navient and MOHELA regarding the review and denial of my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX related to The Art Institutes. I attended The XXXX XXXX, which has been found to have engaged in widespread misconduct and has since closed. My federal student loans were fully XXXX in XX/XX/year> under the XXXX XXXX program based on this misconduct. I applied for the XXXX XXXX XXXX program for my private student loans. Initially, my application was wrongfully rejected on the basis that my loans were direct-to-consumer. This was incorrect, as my original Promissory Note clearly indicates the loans were direct-to-school. After I challenged this, I was granted access to the application and allowed to submit it. My application was subsequently denied. The denial letter states that : A review of your application was completed by XXXX, as your lender or on behalf of your lender However, the denial provides no individualized explanation and instead lists all possible denial reason codes ( 17 ) simultaneously, which include mutually broad and non-specific categories such as insufficient misconduct, insufficient harm, insufficient evidence, and timing-related issues. This type of blanket denial does not explain which specific criteria were not met and prevents me from meaningfully understanding or responding to the decision. I then filed a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. In response, XXXX stated that I should contact MOHELA because MOHELA services the loan. This response is inconsistent with the denial letter, which explicitly states that XXXX performed the review of my discharge application. " A review of your application was completed by XXXX, as your lender or on behalf of your lender, and it has been determined the applicable private student loans are not eligible for discharge under XXXX 's XXXX XXXX XXXX program for the following reason ( s ) : Denial reason code ( s ) : 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 '' Additionally, the denial letter confirms : My loans are serviced by MOHELA But the review was completed by Navient This creates a lack of accountability between the entities involved.
