I was involved in an opportunity that turned into a scam. XXXX XXXX and XXXX was promoting a mentorship for starting our own rental car business and added a bunch of us to a zoom call around the end of XX/XX/year>. They had me and a few other people fill out an application to see if we would get approved for a funding loan from Climb Credit XXXX, we all got approved, and we got a loan for {$15000.00} thinking that we can use it to fund the start of the rental car business and buy vehicles, etc. I found out later down the line that the type of loan is an student loan and its obviously not a business or personal loan where you can use the money however you need to but it was promoted like that. Originally, the mentor agreed to get cars and put us with whatever car he saw fit and then I would get income to pay off the loan essentially. Then I was told we are supposed to get payouts every month to cover the loan payments but its been XXXX months already and theres no payout and I been paying {$400.00} a month since XXXX but he keeps saying XXXX XXXX government shutdowns is messing up the process so I dont believe it. I tried to contact the people that are supposed to be with the school in regards to my loan because I was going to cancel and I was told to get contact with XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). I continuously asked the mentor about the cars and the payout we were supposed to receive, but never got a straight forward response about those things. The mentor also said he would pay my payments for me because the government shutdown and stating that everything got pushed back but when the time came he ignored me and hasnt gave an answer or sent any money, so I went ahead and paid it myself because I didnt want my XXXX XXXX to drop. I want to dispute this loan and have it removed from my credit report. XXXX paying for a student loan but XXXX not receiving any services, teachings, or any help to solve this problem. I gotten scammed and I shouldve noticed this way sooner before I started paying but I tried to be patient and wait things out but at the end it didnt work out. Ive contacted climb because I thought I would be able to get a refund on the loan but they said they cant do anything until the school gives back the money, and they could start processing the dispute. Since XXXX signed the loan documents I have not heard from XXXX XXXX or received any information from this educational program.
