In XXXX, my federal student loan servicer was transferred from XXXX to XXXX without adequate notice. Prior to the transfer, I was making payments to XXXX via check with no missed or late payments. Following the end of forbearance, I made a payment of {$1500.00} in XX/XX/year> and {$1500.00} in XX/XX/year> both above the minimum required amount demonstrating a consistent and good-faith effort to stay current and actively pay down my loans. In XX/XX/year>, I submitted an additional {$1000.00} payment to XXXX. This check was never cashed, which I now understand to be the point at which the servicer transfer to XXXX began. I was never notified by either XXXX or XXXX that my servicer had changed, that my payment destination had changed, or that a new account had been established with XXXX. I continued sending checks to XXXX as I had been doing, and those checks were neither cashed nor forwarded to XXXX. During the months of XXXX, XXXX, and XX/XX/year>, XXXX made no attempt to contact me by phone or email to inform me that payments were not being received. I received no notice of a first missed payment, no notice of a second missed payment, and no warning of any kind that my account was becoming delinquent. The only way I became aware of the situation was when I received a credit monitoring alert in XX/XX/year> notifying me that my XXXX XXXX had been severely impacted. By that point, XXXX had already reported XXXX late accounts across my loan group with 90 days of delinquency a reporting that caused my XXXX XXXX to drop over XXXX points. Upon receiving that alert, I immediately brought all accounts current and have continued to make payments afterwards. The delinquency was entirely the result of a failure by the servicers to provide adequate transition notice, failure to cash or forward a payment submitted in good faith to the prior servicer, and failure to make any outreach during three months of reported non-payment despite my demonstrated history of making above-minimum payments leading up to the transfer. I am requesting that the late payment notations be removed from my credit report on all affected accounts, as the delinquency was caused by servicer error and not by any willful failure to pay on my part. I have already submitted a goodwill adjustment request directly to XXXX, which was denied with the response that the reporting was " out of their hands because it was already reported to the credit bureau '' which I do not believe to be accurate or acceptable given the circumstances described above.
