I took out {$10000.00} unsubsidized loan for my XXXX XXXX XXXX in the XXXX XXXX term. I ended up withdrawing from the classes and the loan was recalled back to the university. I paid the university in full, but XXXX refused to take the loan off their system ( even though XXXXi reported everything properly ) - see XXXX Response to AidVantage attachment and Student Loan Credit Adjustment attachment. In gist, I'm being asked to pay for a singular loan twice. I fought with XXXX to get this fixed from XXXX of XXXX to XXXX of XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX, I submitted Ombudsman Feedback Case XXXX XXXX XXXX to get things fixed. Their response was incompetent and lazy. Instead of helping me fix the issue, they told me they were " sorry I was unhappy with XXXX '' and would be " transferring the loan to AidVantage ''. The below paragraph is a copy of my feedback case. I had XXXX student loans with XXXX. XXXX were consolidated and transferred to AidVantage. The third loan was cancelled and recalled back to XXXX ( and XXXX was paid in full ). My XXXX account ( # XXXX ) still shows the cancelled loan as an open loan that is due to them for {$10000.00}. This loan is also on my credit report. I've contacted XXXX repeatedly and they continually state that XXXX did not pay them back when it was cancelled. XXXX stresses that they have paid them back and that the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX website shows this loan as cancelled. I need XXXX to remove this loan from their system and from my credit report as it was already paid to XXXX. In XXXX of XXXX, I began communicating with AidVantage in an attempt to get this fixed ( Final AidVantage Letter attachment ). I also submitted XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ( this feedback case is in the paragraph below ). XXXX the Spring of XXXX, I withdrew from my classes at XXXX XXXX This resulted in my {$10000.00} loan being recalled. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received correspondence about my withdrawing and the need for a return of funds calculation to be performed. On XXXX XXXX informed me that the return of XXXX XXXX XXXXunds process ( XXXX ) had been completed. My entire loan was returned to my bursar account at this time. On XX/XX/XXXX, I received correspondence from Missouri, demanding immediately payment. At this time, Missouri ensured me that the loan would be removed from XXXX 's website ( since it had been returned to my XXXX account ). XXXX told me that this process takes time, and that XXXX was correct the loan would be removed from XXXX within the next few weeks. Unfortunately, that never happened. In XXXX of XXXX, I paid off my XXXX account. Therefore, my returned loan was paid off. Despite this payment, XXXX never took the loan down from their system. In gist, I was being told to pay XXXX for the same loan - once to the university and once to XXXX. I fought this for months, supplying XXXX with every bit of information I could. XXXX swore that they had done everything right and that XXXX was to blame. At the same time, XXXX stated that XXXX did not remove the loan properly, and that XXXX was to blame. In XXXX of XXXX, I reached out to the Ombudsman group ( case XXXX ), asking for the loan to be removed from XXXX as it was already paid in full to XXXX. The response I got was unhelpful. Instead of removing the loan, I was told " I'm sorry you're unhappy with XXXX, we'll move you to AidVantage ''. So after an entire year of fighting this with XXXX, I had to start the process over. I fought it with AidVantage by opening a special case. Nearly XXXX months later, AidVantage denied my request and said it wasn't their fault and the loan was legit. Despite me providing an abundance of information. In their response, they recommended that I file a loan discharge application. I filed this application as requested. Once again, I was denied. At this point, I don't know what to do. I should NOT owe money for a loan that was already paid off. This loan is illegitimate and should not exist whatsoever. If you look at my awarded financial aid from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXhere is NOTHING awarded outside of a XXXX XXXXXXXX. If I was not awarded a {$10000.00} loan for spring XXXX ( according to XXXX ), why is there a loan under my name?? Please fix this. I beg you. I've been fighting this for XXXX years and I don't know what to do. PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHAT DOCUMENTATION YOU NEED. AidVantage paired me with an actual human, attached to an actual email address, so I finally believed that I was going to get this thing fixed. Keep in mind, they paired me with somebody around XXXX of XXXX. This person was XXXX help, provided XXXX updates, and kept telling me my case was " pending ''. Around XXXX of XXXX, an entire year later, she sent me a letter saying there was nothing they could do. At this point, I had sent mountains of evidence to her, but AidVantage refused to help, just like XXXX had. At that point, I submitted Loan Discharge paperwork through AidVantage. That was also denied. I also submitted the application as XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX ( after it was rejected ) with hopes that this would get me somewhere. It was denied again. In XXXX of XXXX, I reached back out to XXXX, pleading with them to give me every detail they possibly could. XXXX XXXX sent me copious documentation and also agreed that she would speak to AidVantage over the phone on my behalf if they would call her. I took this information to the XXXX XXXXXXXX once again, using XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. It included XXXX of the attachments that I've submitted here. The details are in the paragraph below. Please review the details from XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX. I'm submitting a new feedback case as this one is already closed. Please consider this my response to the aforementioned case ( note : in the event you can not read the details of a closed case, I will summarize it for you at the bottom ). In your last response, you said that I withdrew on XX/XX/XXXX. This is untrue. You asked me to get verification from the school. You also asked me to have the school provide proof of the returned funds. I have gotten an email/letter drafted from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX It is attached. Please proceed with fixing this issue. I should NOT have an open loan with AidVantage. You can also review my previous closed cases as they're all about the same topic. Summary of case XXXX : After taking out a {$10000.00} direct unsubsidized loan in spring of XXXX, I withdrew from my courses. The school completed the Return of XXXX XXXX XXXXnds process ( XXXX ) and returned ALL of the funds to the loan servicer provider ( XXXX at the time ). This was processed on XX/XX/XXXX. I ended up paying the University XXXX XXXX in full for this amount, and XXXX was supposed to remove the loan from their system as it had been cancelled. Unfortunately, XXXX never did this. I found with them for nearly XXXX years and then finally submitted an XXXX request about the matter. The solution to this request was to transfer my loan from XXXX to AidVantage. So ... my student loan that should NOT be in existence was transferred to a new service provider. I spent the next XXXX years fighting with AidVantage to remove the system, to no avail. MOst recently, I tried submitting a loan discharge application for an unpaid refund. That was denied. Repeatedly. This issue has been going on for XXXX years. I have already paid the loan in full to Missouri, as required by laws and regulations. This loan should have been removed from XXXX 's website/AidVantage 's website. I am finally sending you EVERYTHING XXXX can offer you to fight this. Please read each and every thing I've attached in their entirety. I need this resolved. I received a confirmation email stating they would respond back to me within XXXX days. It has now been XXXX and they have still NOT responded. On XX/XX/XXXX, I submitted a duplicate case with the same information ( XXXX ) and informed them that they were over a month past the deadline of responding. They immediately closed the case out and said " this is a duplicate '' but they STILL failed to respond to the other existing case. This is a total nightmare at this point. A XXXX year nightmare in which my credit report has a {$10000.00} debt that I do NOT owe. No matter what I do, or who I get involved, nobody seems to want to fix this.
