I have a student loan with 12 loan groups. CRI became my loan servicer last year, and I have been on the Extended Graduated Repayment plan for years. My payment increased on XX/XX/XXXX, which was regular for the plan. On XX/XX/XXXX, an auto debit of {$180.00} was supposed to be pulled, but was never debited from my account. I noticed the error on XX/XX/XXXX, and logged into my account online to find out what had happened. I saw that there was an amount of {$720.00} listed as my amount due. I called CRI to find out why this had happened. I spoke with a representative that informed me that it was a " system issue '' and that CRI is aware of it. The representative directed me to not make a payment, and to wait for CRI to fix the issue. I was assured that my payments would return to my regular amounts, once CRI fixes the issue. I then received a letter in the mail later that month stating that my account had been placed on a forbearance, and that I had requested it. I never requested forbearance, but assumed it was part of the " system issue '' that I was told about. I then received letter dated for XX/XX/XXXX, that stated that my forbearance was ending. I checked online, and saw that the amount had not been fixed. I waited, as I was instructed to by the representative that I spoke to. On XX/XX/XXXX, I checked online, and my payment now showed as {$250.00}. I called CRI again, asking what had happened to my payments. This time, the agent that I spoke with told me that the increase was because I didn't make payments during the forbearance. I did not understand, and the agent just started trying to ask me questions to qualify me for an IDR. I do not want an IDR, as I have planned my yearly finances with my Extended Graduated Repayment plan. I did research, and found that my loan terms were different than they were on my previous statements. I called back today, XX/XX/XXXX, and spoke with a " supervisor '' that informed me that the loan had recalculated, due to my plan changing when the forbearance was placed. When I asked why my plan was changed, they cited the " system issue ''. The representative said that because CRI 's system had an issue, my loan was recalculated when the plan changed, and my loan terms for several of my groups decreased from XXXX payments, down to XXXX payments. The " supervisor '' stated that CRI 's " system issue '' and how they corrected it was the direct cause of my loan being recalculated, which caused my payments to increase. Despite CRI admitting fault for the issue and apologizing several times during the call, they were unwilling to take any steps to return my loan back to it's original terms or payments before the " system issue ''.
