Im requesting for Full Discharge of Student Loans Due to Aidvantage 's Misleading and Unlawful Practices. I am writing to formally request the discharge of all student loans held by Aidvantage, formerly held by XXXX due to the companys deceptive practices, misrepresentation, and failure to provide proper guidance regarding my loan repayment options. Aidvantage misled me by steering me away from income-driven repayment plans, which would have made my payments more affordable and eligible for eventual forgiveness. Instead, I was repeatedly encouraged to enter forbearance or deferment, causing my loan balance to balloon due to capitalized interest. This manipulation has led to years of financial strain, a bankruptcy, credit issues after job loss in XX/XX/year>XXXX and has profoundly affected my ability to meet my financial obligations over the years. In addition, the loans held by Aidvantage, formerly held by XXXX have historically been misreported to credit agencies, consistently damaging my credit score. The misinformation provided by their representatives has delayed my pursuit of more favorable repayment options and contributed to an overwhelming amount of accrued debt, well beyond what I originally borrowed. These tactics are consistent with the widespread fraudulent behavior for which XXXX has been sued for by numerous states and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ). Aidvantage 's conduct is patterned after XXXX business practices and have caused me significant financial harm, ongoing mental distress, and a long-term burden that could have been avoided with honest and fair guidance as a borrower who relied on Aidvantage 's advice and entrusted them to manage my student loans until fully forgiven. Full Discharge of All Loans Held by Aidvantage formerly held by XXXX : Due to misleading guidance and unethical loan management practices, I respectfully request that all loans serviced by Aidvantage, formerly services by XXXX be fully discharged. This will relieve the overwhelming financial burden that I have carried due to their actions. Refund of Excess Payments : Any payments made during periods of forbearance or deferment encouraged by Aidvantage that lead to capitalized interest and inflated balances should be refunded. This would compensate for the financial damage caused by their misrepresentation. Credit Repair : The loans Aidvantage holds, formerly held by XXXX were at times misreported significantly damaging my credit score. As part of the resolution, I request that all adverse reports related to my student loans be removed or corrected to reflect the full discharge of the loan and note Aidvantage 's misconduct regarding the loans formerly held by XXXX. Proactive Financial Assistance : Due to the financial harm caused by Aidvantage 's actions, I believe that offering credit counseling or financial assistance in rebuilding my financial standing would be a fair step toward restoring my fiscal health. Aidvantage 's actions have left me and many others with unjust debt, and I hope the CFPB can help deliver a resolution that corrects these wrongs. XXXX XXXX
