I have student loans with Aidvantage. I went to school for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX. I was on track to XXXX until the school closed before i could enter my last quarter of my " senior '' year. They offered teach out programs but they were all 3x the amount of schooling than what i had left at XXXX since the credits didn't carry over completely. The degrees that were offered were also lower end degrees that weren't close to the degree i wanted initially from XXXX. They were also extremely more expensive at the same rate. So i didn't attend the teach out program and decided to start fresh by applying for loan forgiveness. I filled out all the paperwork and faxed + emailed to aidvantage exactly how they asked me to. I was fully eligible. They didn't deny me at first. Instead, twice they mailed me back saying that my form wasn't filled out completely and to reapply. So i sat down with a few smart businessmen and filled out again. They sent back the same message. So i contacted them and asked what the issue with my form was. When i navigated through the automated system over the phone for Aidvantage going through the loan forgiveness part, the line would ring and then just hangup. It was impossible to get into contact with them. I decided to go a completely seperate route on the automated system by asking to talk to representative about something entirely different/less important. I got right in and they transfered me to someone on the forgiveness side of things. They gave me some nonsense reason of why my form was filled out incorrrectly and asked me to send again. So i sent the same exact form i sent before and they actually took it into their system. I assume so because I never recieved that feedback like before. Months later, i contacted Student Aid and get them involved. I opened up a case and they made me believe that they were on top of it. They asked for all kinds of information and i gave them everything and more. The case was strong at first and it dwindled to nothing and " failed ''. Then, my credit plumited because they put all my accounts in default. That was the only thing student aid was able to accomplish was restore my credit history. I have complained to everyone under the sun and it seems to not have gotten through anywhere. I can not express how stressful and irritating this porcess has been. It has been coming up on two and a half years now and nothing has been done. It seems to me they are just trying to stall me out until i give up which will not happen. I do not want to pay {$16000.00} for schooling i was not able to finish and pretty much thrown to the curb. I have my loans on a forebearance at the moment until the end of this year " XXXX ''. If anyone can help solve my issues that would be much appreciated. I do not want to dump money into a lawyer.
