Background : - I had been successfully making auto-debit payments from my XXXX checking account through Nelnet 's ACH autopay system through XXXX 2024. Beginning in XXXX 2024, payments stopped processing despite no changes made to my saved banking information or account details on my end. - I was advised by Nelnet customer service to contact XXXX Bank to investigate the issue of " returned '' payments Nelnet was stating they were seeing on attempted payments. I have since confirmed with XXXX Bank directly that they have no record of any ACH withdrawal attempts or returned transactions from Nelnet since XXXX 2024. - Since XXXX of XXXX, I have attempted 6+ scheduled payments ( not including auto-debit ), including a large lump sum payment ~ {$10000.00} in XXXX of XXXX using my XXXX Checking saved payment method. I attempted re-enrolling in auto-debit as well XXXX additional times. All payments ( both auto-debit, or manually scheduled ) failed, despite receiving authorization confirmations with a reference code for each. Payments were never posted, and no corresponding debit appeared on my XXXX bank statement. I was recently informed by a Nelnet representative that something changed on my account in late XXXX 2024, after which payments began failing. I was also informed that Nelnet does not retain audit logs of account changes from that period. I am formally documenting that this was communicated to me, as the absence of these records is a significant concern for a federally regulated loan servicer, especially after several attempts on my end of scheduling additional payments, re-enrolling in auto-pay, and confirming with my bank that no attempted ACH withdrawal attempts happened since XXXX of 2024 from Nelnet. As a result of this processing failure since XXXX 2024, my credit score has dropped XXXX points ( from XXXX to XXXX ) damage I am disputing as inaccurate and unjust given the circumstances. I write in good faith as you will have visibility in my case into my attempts to both make payments against my loans ( including additional large lump sum payments ), and hours spent trying to resolve what feels like a system-side issue in an attempt to get you the funds, including investigating with my bank directly per guidance from Nelnet. Since my support calls : - I was finally able to remove my old checking account from saved payment methods ( after being advised by Nelnet support to cancel all scheduled payment attempts, and remove auto-debit ) - Resubmitted my chase checking account details as a new saved payment method - Scheduled a new " test '' payment to get current on my loan status, including settling late payment balance that my account was hit with I requested the following documents and information from Nelnet. 1. All scheduled payment attempts and their statuses from XX/XX/XXXX2024 through present, including ACH return codes and reasons 2. All auto-debit enrollment and modification history on my account 3. The specific account number Nelnet was attempting to debit during the failed payment period 4. Audit-event logs of what account changes occurred in late XX/XX/XXXX2024 ( system side vs user side, changes to my saved payment method account number, IP session info, etc ) and details of what initiated them 5. Written confirmation of whether or not account activity/audit logs from XXXX XXXX exist I am also requesting the following resolution : 1. Nelnet complete a formal audit & internal investigation into the payment processing failure, and session details of account changes that occured in XXXX XXXX to my saved payment methods 2. Submit a goodwill adjustment to remove all late payment marks from my credit report with XXXX XXXX and XXXX resulting from this period I am again confirming that it was communicated Nelnet can not provide me audit/event details about account changes that happened in XXXX of 2024, in which my payments started failing. They claimed it was a XXXX Bank issue, and XXXX bank stated they had no returns or attempted ACH withdrawals starting in XXXX of XXXX. Nelnet support also provided me an email address to contact support, which is no longer in use. After my support calls ended, I attempted to email the address they provided me ( XXXX ) and received an auto-no-reply that stated they changed their email process. I have provided screenshots of all of this, including all of the attempts I've made of scheduling payments and receiving confirmation codes of payments, enrolling in auto-debit. I wrote all of this in a formal letter and uploaded it as a document directly on my Nelnet account as I had no means/way of contact them directly to start a paper trail, which also seems unfair to me as a consumer.
