I have been doing some investigating on who I can talk to above Mohela. I have been through XXXX and back trying to get my account accurate. In XX/XX/XXXX my loans went into save forbearance and then in XX/XX/XXXX they all went into borrower of defense forbearance. I never asked all loans to be on borrowers forbearance only the loans that should be which is XXXX and XXXX ones only. I found out that Mohela put them all into the forbearance on XX/XX/XXXX. I asked for them to take them out. It has been an emotional, stressful roller coaster trying to get my account right. I was denied multiple times to come out of save plan to a IDR due to my loans not in repayment status. But they should have been per federal student aid. They have 2 loans in borrowers of defense forbearance once again that has nothing to do with the application. I have wrote, spoke and now complaining because I am at my wits end. I have not made the payments my job has. I work to have those payments sent and I am basically working for free. I have XXXX payments not count because of their incompetence of borrowers of defense forbearance. I had overpayment and payments weren't to start til XX/XX/XXXX but now they are in a IDR and paying {$700.00} a month. But they can't go back and fix their mistakes due to being incompetent. I need resolutions I need answers and I need my payment counts to be counted because it was Mohela who dint do right and kept denying me IDR when they didn't have their records right. I am suppose to have XXXX payments. But I don't due to their negligence of allowing me to go into IDR. I am not going to suffer or pay the price when payments where still being made. I need to find a solution asap. I have done my part but Mohela has failed me and it's been mentally draining. If I don't find resolution here I have no choice but to obtain counsel and see what my options are. My evidence speaks for itself. I will include proof of Department of Education records of my loans and then a separate file of Mohela correspondences in my file that back up me trying to get in IDR and told no due to not being in repayment. I can't fight this fight anymore.
