XXXXI am having an issue with Mohela regarding them reporting a 90 day late payment during a time I should have been placed in foreberance- I am not disputing with the credit bureaus yet I would like Mohela or student aid.gov to correct the problem. I have had this account for several years and never had a delinquency like this and my credit is spotless with no outstanding debt except this student loan which has always been paid as agreed it would not make sense for me just just stop paying them right when I filed for my renewal of the public service loan forgiveness program unless I specifically was under a reasonable assumption my loan was in foreberance- until the paperwork was processed. The rules and regulations surrounding these programs are unclear and there is a lot of confusion with all the recent changes. In addition I have been in the process of getting approved for a mortgage which would also not make sense for me to just stop paying them and allow my account to go delinquent. Once I realized the error by logging on to check on my status I immediately paid the total amount due as well as made a future payment in the total amount due to pay off the loan in full- I can send a screenshot of my credit report to show that I take my credit profile very seriously again it does not make sense for me to just not pay them, I did not receive any correspondence from them via phone call, email or regular mail or certified \nmail, I do not routinely log into the MOHELA account to monitor activity the second I logged in to check the status I made that payment for the full amount. I called Mohela and studentaid.gov several times once I saw the 90 days late on my credit and received conflicting information as well as refusal to speak to a supervisor- I sent a letter with supporting documentation to both companies with a plead to do the right thing and put my loan in a retroactive administrative forbearance and delete my 90 day late mark on my credit. I am a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and am finally after years of saving able to purchase a home and this single mark is the one thing that could place that dream in jeopardy and I am beside myself hoping I can get a positive resolution in some way. I am not asking for goodwill I am simply asking the loan servicer to take part of the responsibility for the entire student loan process being complicated and unclear and delete this mark on my credit- again the account is due to be paid in full and with my excellent credit history and means to pay the loan I cant see why I am being given the runaround by both companies, I am not a delinquent that doesn't pay his bills asking for a favor I am stating the facts and hoping for Mohela to grant this request to place my loan on retroactive administrative forbearance and delete my 90 day mark and be done with me for good. I am pleading for your assistance in getting them to do what's right. I don't feel like I am asking for a lot I just want my credit- back- was at a XXXX and I am not at a XXXX from this issue. Please let me know what I can provide to you to assist with this \nThank you, XXXX XXXX
