[ ticket number : XXXX ; case number XXXX ] I have been in contact with multiple Mohela staff regarding the status of my loans. My loans were switch to the " XXXX '' plan in XXXX of XXXX in accordance to the changes by the government getting rid of the XXXX plan. Upon switching, a charge of {$2400.00} was charged to my account. This is the second time a phantom charge has been placed on my account after changing plans. The previous time I was told the charge was a glitch in the system, and the charge was reversed. I have been in contact with Mohela staff since XXXX of XXXX upon the second phantom charge appearing. I was it told was again a glitch in the system, and to pay the interest owed of {$350.00} when the payment is due to avoid complications upon the charge reversal. As of today ( XX/XX/XXXX ), the charges have not been reversed after XXXX additional attempts between XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX. This process has negatively affected my XXXX XXXX by XXXX points, and this needs to be addressed immediately. I was given a ticket number of the last attempt to get this rectified [ ticket number : XXXX ; case number XXXX ]. The company has made it extremely difficult to contact a live representative ( generally XXXX minutes of using automated system ). I contacted got in contact with a supervisor again today ( XXXX ) - I was told that no activity was made still on the claim submitted in XXXX of XXXX, and that the representative is requesting escalation of the issue again. The representative also stated that she will notate the account to reverse current marks on XXXX XXXX and ( only after the issue is resolved ) notate that previous negative marks be reversed as well. Additionally, I was told they are unable to send an email stating information regarding the previous status of the inquiry or information regarding what is being done. The only thing I can do is to wait the XXXX days ( again ). The representative will send a secure message through Mohela when the process is escalated, but that is all. I have submitted a complaint through XXXX today hoping this will expedite a process that has been extremely frustrating. I can only submit a dispute on XXXX of the many negative marks, and I do not think it will get approved based on how the account is loan currently presented. My account is now XXXX days past due. If this is not resolved in XXXX days, my account will likely go into default through no fault of my own.
