There are very serious issues I have been experiencing with Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, PHEAA as a guarantor that have gone unresolved since XXXX. I have made countless attempts to correct and resolve them with PHEAA. They are as follows ; PHEAA is reporting delinquency and trying to collect on a loan that has been confirmed cancelled and all funds were returned. Verification is attached showing Higher Education Services Corporation, Dept. of Education and XXXX XXXX have all confirmed cancellation of this loan numerous times. All documentation has been repeatedly sent into PHEAA verifying cancellation of this loan totaling {$4000.00} and date. Why is cancellation of loan amount still being included in overall owed amount on my balance? Second issue, multiple loans amounts are incorrect and different from what I initially borrowed and agreed upon. Although PHEAA has been provided copies of actual promissory notes, the initial loan application, and even the actual checks from the banking institution that I signed with the initial amounts printed on them proving what I actually borrowed. PHEAA has not corrected the amounts to reflect what has been provided on original documentation and actual amounts I borrowed. Why hasn't PHEAA corrected those amounts to reflect actual loan amounts I initially borrowed? Third issue, PHEAA has been notified of fraudulent consolidation that was initially processed via XXXX XXXX and sister company under XXXX XXXX without my signature nor proper signing ; Consolidations forms were completely left blank. All information was left off the forms necessary to process a consolidation. Consolidation was still processed. PHEAA was notified along with lender and each time my loan was transferred ; beginning with XXXX Loans and again transferred to American Education Services. PHEAA was repeatedly notified of this as the guarantor of these loans. Why hasn't PHEAA taken any communicative responsibilities in being the guarantor and overseer of the lenders committing these wrongful acts to respond to serious concerns brought to their attention by the borrower? Forth issue, I have verified, shown and reported to PHEAA alterations and changes made to original documentation ( where information was crossed out, blacken on documents, changed and altered ) to include them being made on promissory notes, actual loan applications, and even provided copies of checks to verify changes in multiple amounts. Which have only resulted in overall increased amounts owed. Why hasn't PHEAA corrected nor addressed any of these issues bought to their attention as the guarantor of these loans? Last issue, the loan type has also been changed on documentation. They have been repeatedly changed and I do not know why? These loans started out as federal government loans, were changed to XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, etc. and interest amounts were also changed and increased and were not the regulatory interest rate for that particular year. Resulting in different handling of them and increased amounts. I have included the following documentation as verification, blank consolidation forms that were never signed, initial promissory notes and actual loan application, actual checks, multiple correspondences proving initial amounts borrowed/ listing actual loan amounts at the bottom of them, letter from Dept. of Education verifying cancellation of loan, letters from XXXX XXXX, letters from both XXXX and AES verifying all of the above statements.
