In year XXXX, within a XXXX period beginning XX/XX/XXXX, my XXXX loans went from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to XXXX XXXX XXXX AES. I was repeatedly communicating with all lenders in trying to find out what was going on with my loans. I was always referred to PHEAA as the guarantor. AES/PHEAA are who I would call regarding the wrongful loan consolidation that was processed without my signature and no information regarding the detail breakdown of the loans being consolidated were disclosed nor included on the any of the consolidation forms. I repeatedly asked AES/PHEAA how can a consolidation be authorized and processed with forms completely left blank of all parties involved. During this time, my children and I were also preparing for my husband ( who ' was a XXXX XXXX/XXXX ) to prepare for his XXXX-XXXX XXXX to a XXXX XXXX, to XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX XXXX My loans in less than XXXX months beginning XX/XX/XXXX were consolidated without my consent, processed and sold to XXXX XXXX then AES upon complaints of wrongful consolidation. I repeatedly explained this to AES/PHEAA via calls, sent in verification, documentation. I pleaded with AES/PHEAA that my XXXX loans and their mishandling of them was adding a tremendous amount of already existing stresses with myself and my family. With threats being made to take my home. Garnish my husband 's wages and intercept his taxes because I was unemployed. XXXX loans decided they would get out of it completely, stopped answering and always refer me back to AES/PHEAA who refused to provide any information nor answer questions repeatedly asked in trying to resolve issues. I continued to inquire what was going on with my XXXX loans and was told to wait ; I will be notified via letter what my next steps were. AES/PHEAA refusal to communicate the necessary information, disclose what I needed to do along with their XXXX poor mishandling of matters concerning the borrower led to a downward spiral of consequences that only impacted the borrower. For example, because I as the borrower did not know the beginning date nor end date and had no knowledge of the consolidation, more than XXXX had passed where I was unable to refute or dispute the consolidation, stop it. Because my family was dealing with my husband XXXX to XXXX at the very same time and AES/PHEAA refusal to disclose appropriate steps that needed to be taken. Because there were federal government programs put in place XXXX and their family members qualified for while they were XXXX to XXXX XXXX. I could not apply for them. XXXX lapsed because I filed for XXXX in XXXX and information in handling of a borrower who is filing for XXXX was not disclosed nor provided the area for AES/PHEAA and XXXX loans was left blank on submitted XXXX forms. Everything surrounding my loans were being inappropriately, improperly and insufficiently handled due to AES/PHEAA XXXX XXXX simply answer questions and provide the necessary information, forms, processes and appropriate handling of borrower under certain circumstances who fell under guidelines, qualified for programs, and other federal debt relief programs. Resulting in unnecessary unemployment and deferments being processed-handled, borrower wasted hours and days, months on calls multiple times per day on calls with AES/PHEAA reps XXXX supervisor, complaints departments, managers. Only to receive no response. I have attached the following documentation to prove above statements. Verification and documentation of my XXXX who XXXX in the military listing his XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX and XXXX ) from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX again from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX again from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX. Letter and verification of XXXX after XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. At no time from XXXX to XXXX why didn't AES/PHEAA XXXX XXXX of the information necessary to properly address questions being repeatedly asked, in regards to processes, during XXXX filings, processing of documentation, nor disclose programs that were available during my husband XXXX XXXX service time ( XXXX ) while he was XXXX I his spouse would have qualified for that would have resulted and prohibited mishandling my XXXX loans. On this same letter there is verification of my husband being 100 % XXXX solely due to your XXXX. Why hasn't AES/PHEAA disclosed XXXX necessary information. I filed for XXXX in XXXX. No information was provided nor given to XXXX lawyer. As a borrower I have communicated the necessary information to AES/PHEAA XXXX They refusal to respond and communicate the necessary information to the borrower mandated to pay XXXX loans back has been nothing but unbearably stressful, a hinderance and has always stifled any progress in resolving and dissolving this debt.
