I initiated a loan refinance with my bank ant the end of XX/XX/XXXX. The loans with Mohela were paid off in early XX/XX/XXXX. After the loans were funded, I called early XXXX and told them the payoff was too large, and they informed me that loan balances tend to be overpaid to allow for cash to be delivered and applied to the correct loans. That the overpayment would be automatically processed within 30 days of the loans being paid off. I waited 30 days as informed and saw there was no change to my account history through the Mohela customer portal. I called Mohela again and was transferred to a supervisor. I was told that the refund should have been issued by then and the agent would expedite the account for refund. I was told I would potentially have to wait 6-8 weeks to receive my refund in the mail or for the bank I refinanced with to receive the refund, and that due to the holidays it may be closer to the 8 weeks quoted. I understood and thanked the agent. I called back around the second week of XXXX to allow the 8 weeks quoted window to lapse. Again, I was transferred to a Supervisor. That supervisor informed me that my initial time estimate was inaccurate and that I would unfortunately have to wait 60-90 days from that XX/XX/XXXX date that my account was refunded. I called back after 90 days at the beginning of XXXX as I still had yet to receive a check in the mail or the refinancing loan account refunded. Again, I was transferred to a Supervisor. The supervisor informed me that I was misquoted, that I would have to allow 90 business days to have the {$2300.00} overpayment refunded from the XX/XX/XXXX refund date, and I should receive that refund in the mail within the month. XXXX business days from XX/XX/XXXX was XX/XX/XXXX. I gave a couple more grace days in there before calling back today XX/XX/XXXX. I just got off the phone with an advanced agent and was informed that everyone was telling me the wrong date. I am only on day 56 business days from XX/XX/XXXX, as this was the day that the refund was initiated. It seems no one knows their process and no one can get this issue concluded and resolved. Within 30 days of the account being funded, they should have seen the overpayment and had that sent back to the bank or myself. The payment to the loans to account for accrued interest as the refinancing settled came to {$49000.00} The amount to be refunded as marked on my Mohela account from XX/XX/XXXX is XXXX.
