Original message : Thank you for the below abbreviated mentioned correspondence on behalf of Mohela. ( Subject : Correspondence Received Date : XX/XX/XXXX Thank you for contacting MOHELA, We apologize for any inconvenience. Please keep in mind if it is determined you have made payments after the effective date of your discharge, those extra payments will be refunded to you. ) Please keep in mind that ( XX/XX/XXXX Borrower Defense Application # : XXXX Borrower Defense Application School : XXXX XXXX Dear XXXX XXXX : You are receiving this letter because you are a member of the class of federal student loan borrowers covered by the settlement of the XXXX v. XXXX ( formerly XXXX v. XXXX ) ( " XXXX '' ) lawsuit. You submitted a XXXX XXXX to Repayment discharge application relating to your federal student loan ( s ) on or before XX/XX/XXXX. The U.S. Department of Education ( ED ), applying a special review process agreed to in the XXXX settlement agreement, has approved your claim for settlement relief. For more information on the terms of the settlement agreement please see the Department 's website at StudentAid.gov/XXXX The Department has determined that you are entitled to settlement relief for the loans taken out on or after XXXX associated with your enrollment at XXXX XXXX ( " Relevant Federal Student Loan ( s ) '' ) based on your allegations regarding the school 's misconduct. Pursuant to the XXXX settlement, the Department of Education will do the following : discharge your Relevant Federal Student Loan ( s ) ; provide a refund for any payments made to the Department of Education on your Relevant Federal Student Loans including Relevant Federal Student Loan debt that you previously paid off ; and delete the credit report tradeline associated with the discharged loan ( s ). The benefits described in this communication apply to your Relevant Federal Student Loan ( s ). The benefits do not apply to private loans. Discharging your Relevant Federal Student Loan ( s ) means that you will no longer owe the debt. You also may receive a refund for prior payments made to the Department on your discharged Relevant Federal Student Loan ( s ) related to XXXXXXXX XXXX Your loan servicer will let you know if you are eligible for a payment refund, which would be mailed to you. Please check your online account with your loan servicer to ensure your address is correct so you can receive any refund. ) As indicated on behalf of ED, the literature states " for any payments made to the Department of Education on your Relevant Federal Student Loans including Relevant Federal Student Loan debt that you previously paid off ". Not ( payments after the effective date of your discharge ) as indicated on behalf of Mohela. I did not have any private loans, and the corrected refund amount, based upon the proof of payment, I have provided, should have been approved and I should have received documentation of this action, well before today 's timestamp date. Futhermore, after today, I will be joining the AFT Vs Mohela Federal Lawsuit, the XXXX XXXX Investigation against Mohela, and filing a formal complaint with the CFPB against Mohela, in that I do believe that I am being subjected to countless " error documented " correspondences on behalf of Mohela and or its, employing employees, in regards to my Mohela account, continual deflective actions are being taking on behalf of Mohela, in regards to my Mohela account, on purpose misconduct and mismanagement, discrimination, and purposely inflicted errors in regards to correctly refunded amount, with proof of payment issued to Mohela, on my behalf.
