Central Research XXXX ( XXXX ) acquired the servicing of our XXXX loans in XX/XX/year>. CRI failed to notify us of the change in servicers. CRI sent all correspondence via USPS mail to a former XXXX XXXX XXXX address that had previously been updated with the prior servicer " XXXX ''. Payments for these loans were made on time to XXXX until XX/XX/year> when XXXX refused to accept any additional payment through the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. We inquired with XXXX via email twice and USPS mail twice but received no response from them regarding the payment refusal. It wasn't until XX/XX/XXXX that I discovered several thousand complaints about a company called CRI regarding their handleing of student loans recently aquired. Many of the complaints found online in chat rooms like " XXXX '' & " XXXX '' described multiple instances of lack of notice, refusal to address payment processing, and assorted other service issues. I called CRI and was able to inquire as to the Student loans we were attempting to pay. Speaking with CRI agents it was determined that they did in fact have the servicing, and had obtained it XX/XX/year>. It was also determined that all notices of the switch were sent to the wrong address. This led to multiple attempts to correct the address, make payment, and remove any derogatory credit reporting. On or about XX/XX/XXXX after several fruitless phone conversations the accounts were brought current in full, the address was corrected by a supervisor although even today it still shows incorrect in the online portal, and a request to remove derogatory credit payments was placed. The supervisor at that time stated that we could request a correct to payment history, but the department responsible would not do it. She was correct, they have not removed derogatory reports even as of today. Had CRI sent appropriate notice to us we would have made the adjustment and paid on time. the fault lies with CRI for not making any effort to contact the borrower and explain the situation. Furthermore not one time did CRI attempt to collect any of the overdue payments. Which has resulted in worsening the situation for the borrower.
