On XX/XX/XXXX, I submitted a payment to Edfinancial in the amount of {$1100.00} in order to bring my student loan account current. The funds were withdrawn from my checking account several business days later. At the time, my account consisted of three separate loans. Despite the payment being successfully processed and removed from my bank account, the balances on the loans did not decrease or reflect the payment. Because the payment was never properly applied to my loan balance, my account continued to appear past due and additional balances accumulated over time. I did not initially realize the payment had not been credited because the funds had already been withdrawn from my bank account. Additionally, on XX/XX/XXXX, I made another payment in the amount of {$85.00}, which was also withdrawn from my bank account but never applied to my loan balances. As a result, Edfinancials records now incorrectly reflect that I have not made a payment in nearly a year, despite multiple payments having been successfully debited from my bank account. On XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted an Edfinancial representative regarding this issue. During that conversation, I was informed that the payments had been processed and withdrawn from my account, but were not added or applied to my loan balance. Due to Edfinancials failure to properly apply these payments, my account became severely delinquent and entered default status. This issue was not caused by a failure to make payments, but by the companys failure to correctly process and credit payments after accepting the funds. I am requesting that Edfinancial : * investigate and properly apply both payments to my account effective on the original payment dates, * correct my account status and remove any wrongful delinquency or default caused by this servicing error, * correct any negative credit reporting related to this issue, * and provide written confirmation once the matter has been resolved. I will provide supporting documentation showing the withdrawals from my bank account and records of my communications regarding this issue.
