This unfortunately is in response to a previous complaint filed XXXX. The company LIED and is providing false information to my credit agencies against me. Here 's their reply back to me below : They responded and verified that the remaining disputed information was accurate as reported. Other aspects of the disputed item ( s ) may have also been updated by the data furnisher ( s ). The result summary was sent to you for review. According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, our role in the dispute process is to review the accuracy and completeness of any disputed item which may include contacting the furnisher of the information or the vendor that collected the information from a public record source and notifying them of the dispute and disclosing all relevant information regarding your dispute. When we contact the furnisher or vendor, we ask that they verify all of the information regarding the item you disputed and report back within XXXX days of the date that we received. Once again I only decided not to take courses during the summer of XXXX but did enroll for the fall. Here 's proof I never disenrolled from XXXXXXXX XXXX Yet someone from the financail aid office reported that I disenrolled. As you can see below is an email I received for my fall registration dated ( XX/XX/XXXX ) from XXXXXXXX XXXX yet they are reporting errors and causing great discomfiture to me despite their XXXX error. XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX From : XXXX To : XXXX Wed, XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX PM XXXXXXXX XXXX About Academics Admissions Alumni Athletics News Online Student Life You're Registered Confirmation and next steps below Dear XXXX, This is to confirm that you have registered for the following class ( es ) for Fall XXXX : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Your next step is to complete Financial Check-In ( FCI ). Be sure to complete XXXX by Monday, XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX XXXX XXXX To add to this fiasco contained on the Mohela website is the following : In-School Deferment Full-time in-school deferments are available to borrowers attending an eligible school. Half-time, in-school deferments are available to DL borrowers. Parent PLUS borrowers may request that repayment of a Parent PLUS loan first disbursed on or after XX/XX/XXXX is postponed while the dependent student, on whose behalf the loan was taken out, is enrolled and attending at least half-time. Additionally, Mohela 's website itself also states for disenrolled students post enrollment payments should begins six months after disenrollment per this paragraph below : Which once again I was never disenrolled I just did not take summer courses!!! See below : Post-Enrollment Deferment For Parent PLUS and Grad PLUS loans first disbursed on or after XX/XX/XXXX, you may request that payment begin six months following the less-than-half-time status of the dependent student ( Parent PLUS ) or the student borrower ( Grad PLUS ). Moreover, even though I was still enrolled someone reported wrongfully to Mohela I that disenrolled which was NEVER true. Subsequently, Mohela began requiring payments of me without notifying me XX/XX/XXXX, while I still had classes and was still enrolled at XXXXXXXX XXXX during this time. Six months from XX/XX/XXXX would have been XX/XX/XXXX Not XX/XX/XXXX. This discombobulation/ deceitfulness has drastically cost me meanwhile they knew I was enrolled in classes and this is their gross error against me. Like an old war wound has cost me dearly financially! Post-Enrollment Deferment For Parent PLUS and Grad PLUS loans first disbursed on or after XX/XX/XXXX, you may request that payment begin six months following the less-than-half-time status of the dependent student ( Parent PLUS ) or the student borrower ( Grad PLUS ). I was however late in attending classes in the fall XXXX and ended up dropping the course so I wouldn't fail them. Never Once did I submit a disenrollment and am in attendance now in XXXX. Overall, their report is not accurate and they have greatly damaged my credit reports both XXXX XXXXMohela! Technically I was still enrolled as proven by email from teh registrars office, even though they reported erroneously otherwise despite dropping the courses later in XX/XX/XXXX. HELP PLEASE
