I sent my XXXX XXXX application to Mohela on XX/XX/year> and was denied on XX/XX/year> citing insufficient supporting evidence of alleged harm, insufficient evidence that alleged misconduct caused alleged harm, length of time since the alleged misconduct occurred, and length of time since you became aware of the alleged misconduct. I addressed all of those issues as my application prior to this one was denied for the same reasons. I consulted with several students whose applications were approved and we spent over a month going through each denial explanation to make sure they were addressed appropriately. I submitted my application to 3 different XXXX XXXX with all the evidence, past applications, applications that were approved, and the 4 denial explanations. All 3 came back with the same response : all issues thoroughly addressed with appropriate evidence and responses. All three stated my application was solid and better than the ones that were approved. Mohela has denied my applications over and over and honestly, after discussing this with several people whose applications were denied and several whose were approved, Mohela appears to base their decisions more on how much is owed. I originally took out {$160000.00} in private student loans from XXXX XXXX. XXXX took over the loans and now Mohela services them. I have paid {$160000.00} and still owe {$270000.00}. Clearly, not only has XXXX University committed misconduct but so have XXXX and Mohela. I owe {$1200.00} on the original loan amount and still owe almost double what I took out! That is outrageous and downright disgusting!! I am also post class in XXXX vs XXXX and my federal loans are in the process of being discharged. If a federal judge can rule that my school gravely committed many acts of misconduct and fraud, all of which I have explained in my School Misconduct applications as well as the severe harm I incurred, then why does Mohela continue to deny a solid application with sound evidence?? This should alarm and outrage everyone!!
