I am a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in Illinois. I am contacting CFPB to request oversight regarding what I perceive to be a severe, systemic student loan servicing and billing error by MOHELA that violates my rights as a borrower. To summarize : The Servicing Error & Resubmission : On XX/XX/XXXX, I requested a transition from the XXXX ' plan to a XXXX level repayment plan. MOHELA failed to process this request. I only discovered this months later and was forced to resubmit the transition request on XX/XX/XXXX. During that XXXX call, a MOHELA representative admitted on a recorded line that my original XXXX request was received but never executed due to internal negligence. My XXXX request has been processed, and my first payment is due XX/XX/XXXX. Communication Issues : As an XXXX frequently in the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, I am physically unable to utilize XXXX XXXX callback ' system. They offer no scheduled appointments ; instead, they call back at random times when XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. When I missed these calls, I was forced to repeat the hours-long process of navigating automated menus. This system, combined with a non-functional secure messaging portal via all standard web browsers on a laptop ( I only recently discovered the portal works on a mobile phone ) creates a bad-faith barrier to dispute resolution. The Compromise & Refusal : I offered to accept an effective date of XX/XX/XXXX ( conceding a XXXX processing window that I was quoted ). I requested that my XX/XX/XXXX payment of {$10000.00} be retroactively re-allocated to satisfy the monthly installments for XXXX through XX/XX/XXXX, with the remainder applied to the principal. MOHELA refused, claiming it is 'impossible ' to backdate because they failed to generate a disclosure form in XXXX since no application was received. Again, MOHELA 's internal negligence prevented any application from being processed. They also refused a secondary remedy of a retroactive administrative forbearance and interest waiver for the same reason. All calls placed to MOHELA are recorded, and repeated requests for them to listen to the XXXX call where I requested in no unclear terms to transition my loan have been ignored. The Harm : MOHELA is citing its own administrative failure as a reason to deny a remedy. This forces me to pay interest at an incorrect rate ( 5.625 % vs. 5.375 % ) from XXXX onward, misallocates capital, and results in MOHELA profiting off me, all of which violate the Illinois Student Loan Bill of Rights.
