MOHELA, my student loan servicer, is missing around {$2000.00} of payments I have made to my loans. This is an issue I have been trying to get resolved with them for nearly a year ( since XX/XX/XXXX ). I began with calling them to get the issue resolved back in XXXX. I was told it would be investigated and could take something like a couple weeks or months to get an answer. I had provided them with bank statements for proof of all of my payments to the loans to date. I was clear about which payments I believed were missing ( a difficult task because of mismatched payment posting due to 120-day loan cancellations ). I then did not receive any communication from them for months. I then reached back out via phone multiple times over the next few months, as well as via email and messages through their website portal. Every single time I was told it was being investigated, under review, or some equivalent. One time I was able to speak to a supervisor who went through each payment with me, and agreed that I was missing those payments. ( {$1000.00} made on XX/XX/XXXX, and {$1000.00} made on XX/XX/XXXX ). I was told on that phone call that it would be escalated and I'd expect to hear form them in 10 business days. Alas I did not. I was told on a recent phone call the same thing, that I'd hear about a resolution in 10 business days, alas I did not again. So this has gone on for nearly 11 months. They show 0 sense of urgency in resolving the matter, meanwhile interest is accruing not only on the missing payments but also on my other loans, considering I've withheld payments because I am worried those will be lost as well. ( To be clear, my account is in good standing, as all of the aforementioned payments were/would be early payments, as I was still a student and just recently graduated, therefore the loans are in grace ). In light of all of this, I reached out to XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX with the same complaints I am currently writing about, in attempt to get a resolution. XXXX just now got back to me on XX/XX/XXXX. XXXX 's email claimed that the two payments have since been posted to my account and provided me the dates in which they were supposed to be posted to. Neither one was posted. I re-did the math because some numbers looked slightly different, and the discrepancy is now {$1900.00} instead of the previous {$2000.00}. It's unclear what they changed on my account but nevertheless this is not anything close to a resolution. So that is what has led me to this claim today. I am also increasingly worried because my loans are only in grace until the end of the year, where they will then all begin accruing interest ( the previously subsidized loans included ), and I need this resolved before then, so that I can set up a payment plan and begin making timely payments. I have included my bank statements which I provided to MOHELA, a PDF of my current ( as of today ) MOHELA account payment history, a screenshot of the email I received from XXXX two days ago, a screenshot noting the date in which I initially reached out to XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX, and various screenshots from my messages with MOHELA over the last year, asking for updates on my situation. In the message screenshots, my original message can be seen at the bottom and MOHELA 's response at the top. I also made plenty of phone calls between the dates of those messages looking for updates/answers. I am happy to provide any additional documentation or proof of anything I have mentioned in this claim should it be needed. Thank you very much.
