First I want to say that I have a case open through my Congressman XXXX, they opened a case with XXXX, it is in process. Here is the complete timeline as I understand from the little information that Mohela will give me. History : This is a parent plus loan, working toward XXXX .. currently show XXXX quailfied paymnets and XXXX need employment verification. This is the biggest cause for my concern in the below actions and non transparency of MOHELS XXXX 2024 I tried to submit a income recertification request. I could not submit the tax information through the port, receive error could not upload. Called Mohela was told XXXX was not processing them at that time. I requested the partial request be canceled. My auto withdrawals of XXXX continued as expected. XX/XX/XXXX2024 I submitted the income recertification request again. After 2 months I received notice that it was not completed after 60 days so in XX/XX/XXXX2025 I was put into XXXX. Tried twice to cancel the request, but late XXXX, ( after the XXXX ) when I called the 3rd time I was told even though I tried to cancel before department of education 's edict to stop all processing they could not and I would stay in forbearce until that lifted. XX/XX/XXXX2025 Repayments started. XX/XX/XXXXXXXX : Income recertification completed, new payment = XXXX decrease was expected due to the last certification in XXXX included a XXXX time income. XX/XX/XXXXXXXX : received letter notice that my new payment schedule beginning in XXXX would be XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX auto withdrawn from my bank This is where Mohela started changing my repayment months and amount withdrawn XX/XX/XXXX2026 Looked at my account and saw the amount to be withdrawn was XXXX. I called Mohela to find out why the previous ICR amount was going to be withdrawn. While on hold I heard a recording that I was in good standing and repayment with the next payment due {$0.00} in XXXX 2026. First person I spoke to said I put in for the XXXX additional amount to be withdrawn. I did not, and from what I can find on the website it is not possible to request additional amounts if you are on any XXXX XXXX XXXX. I was also told that a review of my account was completed and the months on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX should been in XXXX so they changed those to XXXX. And they payments that were auto withdrawn would be applied to future mths. I ask for a supervisor because I did not feel this was correct and no additional about should come out of my account. XXXX, the supervison, said the forbearnace was per XXXX XXXX XXXX but could not explain why. XXXX said she would remove the additional amount since I could not see it or removed. XXXX hour after this call, I received a repayments schedule that my payments would be XXXX beginning in XXXX for XXXX mths XX/XX/XXXX - XXXX was withdrawn from my account. Mohela 's website shows XXXX will be withdrawn on XX/XX/XXXX. XX/XX/XXXX received a notice they have scheduled my next payment of XXXX. It includes this in the notes " Next Auto Pay : {$520.00} on XX/XX/XXXXXXXX - The Auto Pay payment is scheduled to be withdrawn from the bank account on file. Paid Ahead Information ( if applicable ) : Your next payment due is {$440.00} on XX/XX/XXXX, which may differ from your Next Auto Pay above, if you are paid ahead or if you have an additional amount you have requested to be withdrawn. The total amount and date listed above under Next Auto Pay is the expected. All of this has happened without any explanation or notification. I do not understand how they can go back almost two years change my status to forbearance removing those months as qualified payments. Increase the current month amount due to try to justify applying the higher prior payments to months with a lower amount due. All of this is impacting my XXXX counts and with I will complete the XXXX mths. To show how little the customer service reps understand or care, the first rep tried to convience me I should be happy about this, I was getting XXXX free mths. I am not, I am losing qualified mths. being charged a higher rate for current months as agreed when I received the current XXXX, to make their accounting of applying past higher payments to current mths. No other type of Financial lending company could do this with no transparency or without giving XXXX notice of changing the payments amount.
