My loans were on mixed repayment plans. XXXX large ones were on standard repayment plans I requested back in XXXX. A XXXX cent loan ( yes, {$0.00} ) I had previously struggled with Nelnet over was on an old XXXXnded Graduated Loan. I have previously tried to pay this off and the balance was instead applied to the interest, resulting in no payment due on this loan until XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX, an audit changed my repayment plan to put all of them on the same plan. XXXX loans on Standard Repayment totaling {$23.00}, XXXX were moved to Extended Graduated Repayment plan that the XXXX cent was on. The change reduced my monthly payment but increased my repayment term by approximately 18 years. The change increased projected future interest by approximately {$17000.00}. I did not request this change. I was not notified before the change. The audit could have resolved the inconsistency by moving the {$0.00} loan to Standard Repayment instead. The chosen resolution appears contrary to my documented repayment history and stated preference for accelerated repayment. Nelnet has applied to have my larger loans returned to their previous Standard Repayment plan and an account specialist helped me pay off the XXXX cent loan that I had previously been told was " difficult to resolve '' back in XXXX. So they addressed those issues. The broader problem is auditors making changes to my account without my authorization which increases my loan terms by at least 8 years and also increases my interest payments by {$17000.00} dollars. Those are substantial changes to my account and contrary to the plan I intentionally put in place in XXXX. At the very least, my consent should be needed to make those kinds of changes- not changes made and a letter sent later informing me of said changes. When I asked for more information so I could follow up with complaints I filed with Nelnet, I was told I would need a federal subpoena to see records on my own federal loan account. Clearly transparency and access are an issue, along with auditors making decisions in the best interests of borrowers- not Nelnet XXXX I would like to say that both representatives I spoke with were polite and worked to resolve my issue. They were unfortunate enough to receive my case and did was they could. I don't hold them responsible for their company 's decisions and policies.
