Student loan servicing companies like MOHELA are driving up the cost of repaying student loans amid a worsening affordability crisis in which tens of millions of households are struggling to keep pace with the cost of living. Even worse, the Trump Administration is failing to carry out its basic statutory requirements to supervise these companies, allowing them to operate unchecked despite findings that they are failing borrowers, while paying these companies more than XXXX XXXX dollars a year. Student loan servicers like MOHELA are failing to provide accurate, timely information to borrowers is more important than ever before. Beginning XXXX XXXX, 2026, more than XXXX XXXX student loan borrowers enrolled in the XXXX plan will be forced to switch repayment plans within 90 days. With nearly XXXX XXXX XXXX applications currently unprocessed, this backlog will rapidly balloon into millionsthreatening to leave borrowers waiting years for relief and pushing an already-broken student loan system to the point of collapse. As millions of borrowers are forced to move into more expensive repayment plans in the coming weeks, millions more have already fallen into default on their student loans because of the lack of affordable repayment plans and as other costs continue to skyrocket. I have reported MOHELA countless times at this point to no avail. This is a broken and intentionally failing system that needs to be stopped immediately. The malice, incompetence, and utter disregard for college graduates in this country, is absolutely gut wrenching to on the recieving end of. The extreme harm student loan borrowers face today from student loan servicing companies like MOHELA, is not accidentalit is the predictable product of decades of policymakers and regulators looking away while the same repeat offenders are paid to rack up a long track record of illegal actions and errors. MOHELA has so many lawsuits against them, they continue to misrepresent my loans, my loan amounts, they have miscommunicated or not communicated at all payment amounts, they have negatively impacted my credit score, they continue to dump burdensome interest rates onto loans I can not even get simple answers about and during a time when I and so many others are struggling to just afford food. I have a XXXX XXXX XXXX in Science and CAN NOT find work anywhere. I was a college professor in my XXXX, I've worked in the public school system, I've cared for animals, I've cared for the planet, for farmers and farms, for people from all walks of life. I currently work to provide support to XXXX people within my community and I can not get by on the XXXX hours a week I work. And have had XXXX success in finding any employment with my college degrees or in my field of studies. This whole scam, this whole disgusting debauchery of a sickening scheme needs to stop. Hold these companies accountable. Erase student debt now. I and so many others are desperately calling on those with power to do better by us. When will our cries finally be heard? I can not do this for much longer. If I have to deal with MOHELA any more in the ways I have now for almost a decade, I worry for my livelihood and ability to go on.
