Urgent Request for False Certification ( Identity Theft ) Discharge Review Loan Servicer : Nelnet Fraudulent Account Number : Nelnet Account, XXXX I am writing to request an urgent review and intervention regarding a Parent PLUS loan that was opened fraudulently in my name by my daughter. I am a victim of identity theft. I did not apply for, authorize, sign for, or benefit from this student loan. XXXX months ago, a Nelnet loan XXXX informed me that my fraud case was escalated to the Ombudsman Department. However, upon checking my XXXX " My Activity '' portal, there is no record of an active case file. Furthermore, my online dashboard shows an unexplained credit adjustment of {$2300.00} listed as " paid, '' which I did not make. Nelnet has failed to provide any written status updates or clarity regarding this debt for over half a year. Because my identity theft discharge request has been delayed and neglected by Nelnet, I am bypassing their customer service to submit my official federal dispute package directly to your office. Enclosed with this letter, you will find the required legal evidence to support my discharge : XXXX. My official Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) Identity Theft Report. XXXX. The certified Police Report filed with the [ Insert Name of Police Department ]. XXXX. A notarized Identity Theft Affidavit confirming the signature on the application is a forgery. XXXX. Nelnet loan discharge application. XXXX Credit Reporting Agency dispute for this loan over the phone. I submitted dispute twice before, everything Nelnet respond to credit reporting agency that this loan is valid and can not be disputed as identity theft, therefore credit reporting agency sends letter to me saying " dispute is resolved '' in Nelnet favor. Please initiate an official investigation, review these attached legal documents, and instruct Nelnet to process a permanent False Certification ( Identity Theft ) discharge to wipe out this fraudulent debt entirely. Please also ensure that any negative credit reporting associated with this account is removed from my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX files. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your written response confirming that a federal case file has been opened.
