I applied for a consolidation loan 2 times and was approved both times. The consolidation loan did not include all applicable and qualified loans. My federal XXXX loans were purposely left out to cause me financial harm later. The federal XXXX loans were never communicated to me as being due or even being loans that were in my name. I have been graduated for over 10 years and was never notified of the additional debt I mysteriously now owe and am in default. I paid several perkins loans off in full and am again being only now notified of additional debt owed. This is illegal and predatory as I have consolidated all my loans 2 times and am needing assistance in having these never before reported loans removed from my account and discharged due to the illegal actions of purposely not including all loans that qualified for consolidation twice. The already paid off additional loans not included in the consolidated loans I am now in repayment for were also intentionally left out to cause me financial difficulties at a time that is 10 years post graduation with no notifications or any documentation of these additional loans that were outstanding. I believe these " loans '' are actually grant payments that do not require to be paid back. These were Pell Grants that are only now being classified as loans that are now in default. The department of education is a criminal organization that preys on students with loans to ensure they are never able to qualify for XXXX which I am a first responder with the fire department for XXXX XXXX XXXX. My loan payments are not being counted due to impossible requirements that have proven to be impossible to comply with. It should not be a burden on the student to prove they work in a qualified profession when I pay taxes and it is very easy to verify my employment without the need for multiple layers of forms and the required multiple staff who have consistently incorrectly filled out the required forms to prove my employment. I am constantly notified of mysterious additional owed debt, never given credit for qualified payments for XXXX and am unable to access my account online due to impossible log in processes where I have to wait for investigation of my account just to maybe get an impossible reset of password option that never works. Please help me fight these criminals. Thank you.
