I took out student loans back in XXXX to pay for my XXXX degree then again in XXXX for my XXXX XXXX. At the time my student loans were with the Department of Education ( technically XXXX XXXX XXXX which became XXXX ). When I graduated in XXXX, I made monthly payments until XX/XX/XXXX when the Covid pandemic occurred. Then, the DOE paused payments until XXXX when I was transferred to Mohela. Once I was transferred to Mohela, my loan was deferred. A couple of months ago, when there was talk about the SAVE program ending, I tried to call Mohela to ask about the status of my loan and how I could make a payment plan. I spoke to a representative who placed on hold for over an hour and never answered the phone. Then on XX/XX/XXXX, I went on Mohela 's website and selected the IDR repayment plan, which meant I could pay {$50.00} a month. I was told my application was accepted and I thought that was the end of it. Then on XX/XX/XXXX, I received an email from Mohela stating that my monthly payment was now {$480.00} and that it will be automatically withdrawn on XX/XX/XXXX. I called Mohela on Monday, XX/XX/XXXX to ask why my first application was denied and how could we fix this because I can't afford $ XXXX. I first called at XXXX and didn't get a representative until 20 minutes later. I spoke to someone name XXXX and she said that the {$50.00} a month plan was a government error and she was going to forward me to an advance representative. She stated that it would be a 20 minute wait ; I ended up waiting over an hour and 30 minutes and still didn't get a representative. I hung up and called again at XXXX. I waited for 20 minutes to talk to another representative ( who's name I didn't catch ) and she repeated the same thing as XXXX except that she didn't know how long it would take to get me connected to a higher representative. I ended up waiting for an hour and 40 minutes and still couldn't get someone to answer my call. This isn't the first time I had trouble contacting Mohela. Anytime I've tried to call them, I end up waiting for an hour or two and I still can't get help. They are only open from XXXX so I'm forced to take time off work to call them. I've tried to use their website, which is semi-easy to navigate but if I have a problem, I'm forced to call Mohela. I need to fix this before XX/XX/XXXX but I'm getting the run-around from Mohela. Since I've been transferred to Mohela, the loan repayment process has become more complicated and I feel like I'm being scammed. I need help. Please advise.
