I am filing a complaint against XXXX and its collection subsidiary, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ), for deceptive billing and aggressive collection practices regarding an ancient, time-barred private student loan. To be absolutely clear : My monthly payments and auto-pay with XXXX prior to XXXX were strictly and exclusively for my federal student loans. I have not made a single payment, nor have I been billed for, these separate private loans since XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX formally notified me via email that my federal student loan portfolio was transferring entirely to XXXX. My federal auto-pay cleanly migrated over, and I have maintained active payments to XXXX ever since. Following that XXXX transition, XXXX went entirely silent and never sent a single separate bill, statement, or notice indicating that an entirely separate private loan portfolio was being left behind or required independent payments. In XX/XX/XXXX, out of nowhere, XXXX sent a delinquency letter addressed to my maiden name demanding a massive payment on this old " Institutional Loan '' from XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) a school heavily cited in the multi-state XXXX predatory lending settlements. The letter explicitly documents XXXXXXXX XXXX own timeline of non-payment : It states that as of XX/XX/XXXX, the principal balance owed was about XXXX XXXXXXXX. It states that between XX/XX/XXXX and today, I was charged XXXX XXXXXXXX in interest and {$160.00} in fees. It explicitly confirms that the amount I paid or was credited toward this specific debt over the last 13 years was {$0.00}. This written statement by the company proves that this private debt has been entirely untouched, unbilled, and inactive for 13 years. This account is completely absent from all of my consumer credit reports. Furthermore, because I have lived in Oregon since XXXX, this debt is completely time-barred under the Oregon 6-year statute of limitations for written contracts. XXXX failed to provide separate billing instructions, went silent for years, and is now attempting to illegally collect on an expired, uncollectible zombie debt.
