I was never notified by Mohela that I was due a refund from them. I only learned about the refund when I logged in after my student loans were forgiven. When I called and inquired about it a few months ago, I was told I would receive my refund of {$1700.00} and that it was released and would be received after 90 business days, which was XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I called back on. XX/XX/XXXX and was told that it was not issued yet once again, after the 90 days I was told before. I was told it would be issued with 10 business days and handed over to the treasury. I spoke to the treasury again earlier this week XX/XX/XXXX and nothing still has been transferred over to them. I have reached out to the treasury every so often and I get the same answer-that Mohela has not turned it over to them and that when they do, its a quick process, the check is cut, and sent to me. Every time I call Mohela I am on hold for the department that handles the refunds for at least 2 hours. The last time I waited on hold for 3 HOURS before I hung up, called back and asked for a supervisor. The supervisor is the one who told me on XX/XX/XXXX that I would receive my check after the 10 days. I have complained on their website, the student aid website, Mohela, and spoken to the treasury frequently with no clear cut answers. Upon looking online I discovered people have had Mohela hold their refunds and people waiting a year to 2 years for a check, which is unfair. I am currently going through and separation and and down to 1 income and this check would help me tremendously with some of the finances that I am tackling currently. I keep getting passed from agency and still have no clear cut answer on when I will receive my refund. All I would like is some answers and some accountability from Mohela and to get my check so I dont have to deal with them anymore. This is unfair to hold peoples money. The economy is rough and they probably have a lot of work going on but 5 months of dealing with them and I still dont have any relevant information. I believed them when I was told on the phone that it was going to be turned over within the 10 days on XX/XX/XXXX just to be told by the treasury that they have nothing is frustrating. Its a shame that the treasury has to deal with the constant calls from myself and others because Mohela wont hand over these refunds!
