XX/XX/XXXX : I received an email that it is time to recertify my income driven repayment plan ( PAYE ) and that my payment would be converted to a XXXX year standard payment plan. XX/XX/XXXX : I attempted to sign into my federal student aid account and was unable to gain access due to having a name change in XX/XX/XXXX. I called the call center and was sent an email for Identity Account Recovery and directed to attach copies of social security card and identification with new name to verify my identity. XX/XX/XXXX : I responded to the identity account recovery and provided the requested information ( case number, full name, date of birth, email and attached the documents in a PDF format as requested. XX/XX/XXXX : I received a bill for XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : Received a response that I did not attach the documents, but I did so I contacted the call center again on XX/XX/XXXX and was instructed to resend. XX/XX/XXXX : I emailed the documents in the requested format XXXX times and it was rejected by " XXXX '' " XXXX '' and " XXXX '' XX/XX/XXXX : I called the call center and spoke to " XXXX '' who informed me that previous customer service representatives were not making any notes on my account to track the issue. Her advice was to resend, again. This would make the fifth time I send the documents as they were requesting. XX/XX/XXXX : Friday, I called the call center again and XXXX who now suggested to send the pictures of the documents from my phone instead of in a PDF format from my desktop computer. She stated she was going to send me a new email link with a new case ID number. I never received it. XX/XX/XXXX : I called the call center again and XXXX sent the link so I replied using my phone and taking pictures of the documents. It came back that there were no documents attached. XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX I called again and XXXX transferred me to " account recovery team '' XXXX who advised me I would be contacted for resolution within XXXX hours. During this time, I asked for this departments contact number which she denied to provide to me. XX/XX/XXXX : I am now receiving a second bill and no resolution with the ability to log in to my account so I can update my repayment plan. XX/XX/XXXX : I did not receive a call within XXXX hours so I called the call center again and spoke to XXXX and XXXX noted that the last note stated my ID was not attached and to SEND IT AGAIN! I begrudgingly did and it was send back. XX/XX/XXXX : I called the call center again explained the situation and XXXX told me to send it again and wait XXXX days for approval. I send it, it was the same result. It has been over a month. I've made countless calls and have been provided the same redundant answers with no resolution. The representatives are unwilling to provide me with contact information to a technical support center or anything escalated to get my issue resolved. Each time I call, they tell me to do the same thing even though I have already done it numerous times, and it is obviously not working. I am unable to log into my accounts due to a name change and I am at a complete loss on how to get help with this matter.
