Email sent XX/XX/XXXX : Hello, I submitted a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. As of today, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, it has been XXXX days since that submission, and I still have not received any updates or instructions about how to move forward. I meet the criteria noted above. I would greatly appreciate a timely response and action so I can move forward with this process. My case numbers are XXXX XXXXXXXX and XXXX XXXX Thank you. Reply received Wednesday XX/XX/XXXX ( over XXXX months later ) : Thank you for contacting the XXXX Department of Education XXXX XXXX XXXX Federal Student Aid. This message is in response to your inquiry about a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. Your case number is XXXX. Retain this number for reference. Unfortunately, you are not able to check the status of your buyback request in your FSA ID account. We are able to see that you do have a buyback request and that it is being worked on by internal departments. The PSLF buyback program is managed by the XXXX Department of Education. Your buyback request will be emailed to you as soon as possible. Currently, it takes XXXX business days to get through our review and up to the internal departments. Once it has been sent, there is no timeframe established for this to be completed, as many people will be requesting a buyback and each account will need a thorough review. If your request is approved, you will be emailed a PSLF Buyback Agreement detailing the amount you must pay back and the instructions to complete the process. Your loan servicer must receive the total buyback amount within XXXX days of the notice, or you will have to start the process over. We recommend that you visit XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( PSLF ) Buyback | Federal Student Aid and scroll to " After You Submit a Request '' to ensure you are completing everything you need to do while your buyback request is being reviewed. The link above will also confirm that there is no way to check the status of these once submitted. We are sorry to not be able to provide that for you. I still have not received any updated information about this as of the date of this submission.
