Iam filing a formal complaint against MOHELA Private Loan Servicing for unfair, deceptive, and predatory servicing practices regarding my Smart Option Private Student Loan ( Account # XXXX ). URGENT : On XX/XX/XXXX, I spoke with a MOHELA representative who confirmed they are mailing me the Private School Misconduct Discharge Application, but they actively refused to apply an Administrative Forbearance. They are forcing me to continue paying nearly {$470.00} a month on a loan that has already been verified as fraudulent. I have maintained an impeccable payment history for over 8 years, paying over {$60000.00} on an initial {$32000.00} principal. Despite this, MOHELA continues to demand a remaining balance of {$33000.00} on a debt that is entirely invalid due to documented institutional consumer fraud committed by XXXX XXXX University XXXX XXXX and XXXX in XXXX. In XX/XX/XXXX, the U.S. Department of Education formally recognized the pervasive, systemic fraud committed by this school and completely discharged 100 % of my federal student loans under the XXXX XXXX group discharge framework. The school utilized identical fraudulent tactics to force the adoption of this private debt. Multiple institutional representatives systematically manipulated my cost of attendance by fabricating artificial housing and supply fees.Took advantage of mine and my parents ignorance of school costs in the United States as we lived in a foreign country. Financial aid officers then verbally coerced me in person, explicitly threatening that my campus housing would be revoked and I would be forced to drop out of school if I did not immediately sign for this private Smart Option loan. This coordinated institutional coercion is explicitly documented via an internal XXXX XXXX of XXXX emails directly from a campus XXXX XXXX XXXX and additional representatives, proving that the sole intent of the Smart Option loan was to capture revenue for housing and supplies. ( these are the emails I was able to recover from my personal email account since the school portal has also been shutdown ) Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I sent a comprehensive Private Loan School Misconduct Dispute Package including my official XX/XX/XXXX Federal Discharge Letter and the original XXXX school emails to MOHELA 's XXXX dispute office via Certified Mail . XXXX 's Consumer Advocate team has also accepted my dispute via email. Under the FTC Holder Rule, I am legally entitled to assert these school misconduct defenses against the holder of this private loan note. MOHELA is failing to provide a fair dispute resolution pathway by refusing to place my account into an immediate Administrative Forbearance while this documented fraud is reviewed.
