I have federal student loans that are serviced by Mohela. While my account was in a mandatory forebearance, I received three grant payments. Those payments were sent directly to Mohela on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX. After receiving the grants, I called Mohela to confirm that the lump sum payments would be separated into monthly installments because I was working towards forgiveness through the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. I was told by Mohela representatives that when payments would restart then the grant payments I received would be divided and used to pay future monthly payments. In XXXX, I was notified that payments were set to resume and that I needed to change my payment plan in order to make payments and continue getting credit towards the PSLF program. On XX/XX/XXXX, I called Mohela and confirmed that the {$5200.00} that I had received in grant payments would be divided into monthly installments and used for future monthly payments. The representative said that it would not be a problem, but it was take some time to complete the request. I did not see any change to my account so I called Mohela on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX. Each time I called I was told my request would be completed, I just needed to wait. During the XXXX call, I was told the request would be completed within 10 days. Never during any of those calls did any representative tell me that if I did not make a payment, my account would be reported as delinquent. Shortly after the XXXX call, Mohela reported my account as delinquent. I learned of the delinquency and called Mohela on XX/XX/XXXX. At that time I was told that the grant payments I had received could not be used for the future payments because when someone switches payment plans any pre-paid funds are automatically used to pay the principal amount. Following that call, I promptly paid the last three months payments. In the 5 previous calls I made to Mohela, although we specifically discussed switching payment plans and the pre-paid status of my account, I was never told that money would be used as lump sum payments to the principal. Also in those five calls, representatives specifically told me that I did not have to pay despite receiving late payment notices because my account was in fact pre-paid for several months. Following the delinquency report my credit score dropped over XXXX points. I called Mohela and they refused to acknowledge any wrongdoing, refused to remove the delinquent report, and refused to provide records of all the times I called Mohela to discuss this issue.
