XX/XX/XXXX I am XXXX XXXX XXXX and I have been paying on my student loan for XXXX years. My loan was mishandled by XXXX and I have had multiple illnesses and family tragedies over the last XXXX years. I started graduate school in XXXX and took out my first loan on XX/XX/XXXX. I started paying my loan in XXXX when I was finishing my dissertation in XXXX and XXXX. When I graduated from my graduate program I consolidate under XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX. The total balance at that time was {$92.00}, XXXX. I later added a loan that had not been included in the consolidation for a balance or {$110000.00}. The final financed balance was {$110000.00}. My loan was taken over by XXXX and that is when the issues began. My Mom past away and my son had serious health problems which remain today. I would call to ask if I could temporarily make a smaller payment and they kept putting me on forbearance. I did pay during this period, but in XXXX I called and asked why I was still paying during XXXX. I was informed that the loan was now a private loan. I asked how that was possible when I had consolidated under XXXX XXXX. The person on the phone just said it was randomly assigned to now be a private loan. Finally, they offered me an XXXX XXXX XXXX, but in XXXX I had XXXX XXXX XXXX. I called to ask what I needed to do and the person told me that it was fine just be in contact with them after my XXXX. I called after my XXXX and they said I had to start over and put me on an XXXX XXXX XXXX. When XXXX was over and I recovered from my XXXX XXXX and life was somewhat normal again I called to find out how to change it. Again, the representative said that I could consolidate and then the loan would again be a XXXX XXXX and I would be eligible for forgiveness. I told him that I had already consolidated the loan years ago and he told me that it was the only way out of the private loan which I did not request, never agreed to and never signed a document agreeing to this change. I did consolidate again only to find that it reset my dates, but I had to get away from XXXX because they were clearly dishonest. I am now XXXX XXXX XXXX and still dealing with serious health issues that have been with me since XXXX and my debt has skyrocketed to {$140.00}, XXXX. I have been paying on this loan since XXXX and the loan was mishandled and manipulated by XXXX so that I am left in debt. I am asking that action be taken against XXXX to compensate me for the fraud and mismanagement that worsened my health issues and left me in debt. I ask that this loan be forgiven in its entirety.
