On the morning of XX/XX/year>, the exact day my monthly payments were due, I contacted Sallie Mae to request financial hardship relief. I spoke with a representative to place my student loan accounts into forbearance. During this call, the representative explicitly and verbally confirmed to me that my request was approved, and that BOTH of my loan account lines were fully covered under the two-month forbearance agreement. Based on this explicit representation, I verbally consented to the forbearance terms and conditions. I ended the call in good faith, operating under the understanding that my entire account balance was paused and protected. I have since discovered that Sallie Mae committed an egregious administrative error. The modification was only applied to one loan account number, while my secondary loan account line was excluded. As a result, this second loan is currently showing as 14 days past due/delinquent on my account portal. Had the agent not given me false information and misleading confirmation on XX/XX/XXXX, I would have taken immediate alternative action that morning to address the secondary account. Sallie Mae 's misrepresentation stripped away my ability to protect my account, creating an administrative delinquency through absolutely no fault of my own. When I called back to have this escalated, a supervisor left me on hold for 45 minutes before disconnecting the line. A subsequent agent then informed me that Sallie Mae falsely logged my original escalation call merely as a " standard late notice call '' to deflect corporate accountability. Because a binding verbal agreement was established under false pretenses due to representative error, I demand that Sallie Mae 's executive escalation team immediately pull and audit the recorded phone audio from the morning of XX/XX/year>. I demand that Sallie Mae honor the original verbal contract by retroactively backdating the two-month forbearance to XX/XX/year>, for both loan lines, thereby completely erasing the current past-due status and protecting my credit file from premature or adverse reporting.
