Request for a full discharge of parent plus student loans due to and because of EdFinancial Services misleading, predatory lending practices, and unlawful practices. I am formally requesting the full discharge of all parent plus students direct and consolidated held by EdFinancial Services due to the companys deceptive, predatory practices and unlawful practices, misrepresentation, and their failure to provide proper guidance regarding my loan repayment options. EdFinancial Services misdirected, mislead, and confused me by steering me away from income-driven repayment plans, which would have provided me more affordable payments for myself and also would have led to eventual loan forgiveness. Instead, I was repeatedly, prompted, led, and encouraged to enter forbearance and deferment, which caused my loan balances to balloon with the predatory and unlawful interest practices used on me by EdFinancial Services. EdFinancial Services predatory unlawful practices have led to negative impact on my credit history and has caused undue and unfair financial strain on my personal finances. It has negatively impacted my ability to meet my financial obligations and caused an unfair need to take loan after loan to try to meet my financial obligations. EdFinancial Services has a history or misreporting my payment status to the credit bureau. EdFinancial Services and its representatives predatory misinformation created and delayed my pursuit my ability and my pursuit of more favorable repayment options and severely contributed to and caused an exhausting and overwhelming amount of accrued unnecessary debt, which was exorbitantly beyond that which I originally borrowed. EdFinancial Services predatory tactics are consistent with the widespread predatory, fraudulent behavior for which EdFinancial Services has been sued by numerous states and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. EdFinancial Services predatory and unlawful practices have caused me mental anguish and stress, financial theft and harm, and a huge unforgiveable long-term burden, which should have and could have been if it were not for the predatory and unlawful tactics and practices. Honest, integrity, nonpredatory practices and tactics, good faith, and good business practices would have eliminated the financial distress caused on me. I trusted EdFinancial Services and its representatives to protect my financial loan process, believing they were guiding me in the proper management of my loans. EdFinancial Services and its representatives did the opposite ; they mismanaged advising me with predatory and unlawful tactics and practices, and they mismanaged my loans.
