Ive been a XXXX for the last XXXX years. My student loans were forgiven through the XXXX program as of XXXX I had a XXXX balance how the program works is once you make XXXX qualifying payments you have fulfilled your debt and the government covers the remainder which they did first I noticed a {$33.00} charge and that XXXX was still showing up on my credit report I contacted them they said not to worry about it that it would automatically be closed out and it mustve been an error when I checked back today, XX/XX/2026 is saying that I have a balance of {$280.00}. I mentioned the XXXX payments because the way that the law has been written any payments that you make over XXXX Im sorry over XXXX are supposed to be refunded. I made a total of XXXX payments the refunds are coming in first the XXXX XXXX They dont send it directly to me. It goes to XXXX. XXXX is supposed to intern release it to the XXXX XXXX Then I receive a check or credit from them. They are purposely giving me the runaround to keep my account open for some reason I do believe that is insidious and on purpose when I call XXXX first youre on the phone for XXXX minutes just going through prompts you cant skip through it then a representative transfer you I went through about XXXX different prompts where it kept saying OK your call will be connected in XXXX minutes and then the most recent XXXX stated that my wait time would be around XXXX hours. Theres no callback option. There is no live chat function. Theyre purposely doing this to try to keep the account open so that they can run up a high balance is what I believe and then take the refund as the in between between the United States government and student loan.gov releasing that money or Im sorry the government releasing it to XXXX and XXXX making sure they take out whatever fees their fees Ive already been paid. Theyve been paid in full so now theyre trying to purposely run up fees and they keep saying oh dont worry about it this A cancel itself out at this date. Itll do this on that date. It went from where it shouldve been nothing to {$30.00} now {$280.00} so I believe what theyre doing is on purpose is not by accident when I called in the first time back in XXXX to inquire about my refund they stated oh yeah we do see that you owe {$700.00} and I said no no way that cant be correct. Then the lady when she spoke to some supervisor I couldnt hear cause it was between those XXXX and they said oh yeah XXXX XXXX, we see that is actually XXXX. I said that still nowhere near what my refund should be total and then filing I brought you the math down if I made XXXX payments at XXXX a payment in a difference is XXXX payment payments then Im owe the payments and or the difference Im not making that up. Thats the actual law and then once I brought up the law and those types of things now I cant get anyone on the phone.
