In late XXXX XXXX I financed my federal student loans held with Mohela to a private lender. I noticed that in this process the payments were misapplied so that XXXX of my loans ended up with negative balances ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) and XXXX had a remaining positive balance ( XXXX XXXXXXXX ) rather than zeroing out. I spoke with a Mohela representative on XX/XX/XXXX outlining the above who stated they could reassign the payments and with an additional one-time payment ( which I made that day ) the account balance would be {$0.00}. I called on XX/XX/XXXX to f/u because no changes had been made and was told it could take up to 90 business days. Called again on XX/XX/XXXX ( XXXX business days later ) and was told that my payment had been processed earlier in the day and that the {$0.00} balance should reflect in 24-48 hours ( this appears to have been a blatant lie as no subsequent representatives saw any evidence of this and the fact that it would have been processed on the morning of my call after XXXX business days certainly seemed unbelievable ). I called again on XX/XX/XXXX when no changes had occurred. The initial representative told me the request was cancelled per departmental request. Was then transferred to advanced agent who set up a call back from a supervisor who I spoke with. She stated the payment had not in fact been processed ( and also had not been cancelled ) but that she could put in an expedited request. When I asked what this meant she said it did not mean anything specific ( no timeline on expected resolution, I would not receive any updates ) and that the only way to get back in touch would be to call back in and go through the phone tree and speaking with several agents and trying to arrange a callback from supervisor ( a process which takes up to several hours each time ). I explained that this proposed solution was not acceptable to me since XXXX business days had already passed since the initial 90 day timeline. I requested to resolve the issue on the phone and was told that her department does not have any mechanism to speak with members of their department responsible for processing payments and that they do not have any mechanism to ensure that this department will actually process the payment. The conflicting information I have received from various representatives and Mohelas inability to complete my request in a timely fashion is not acceptable and I have no confidence they will resolve this issue, which has left me no choice but to seek help elsewhere. The reason that I care about the timeline of this request is the temporary impact of student loan repayment on decreasing credit score ( which in my case with limited other credit will likely be significant ). We were hoping to buy a home in the next XXXX months ( which is why I chose when I did to refinance so that my credit score could recover ), and the continued delay from Mohela has put this timeline in jeopardy as a significant drop in my credit score when applying for a mortgage. I have spent numerous hours ( and days throughout the course of my time with Mohela due to prior issues ) and would appreciate assistance in helping resolve this matter from someone they may take seriously.
