I started paying on XXXX loans around XX/XX/XXXX, and XXXX school loans around XX/XX/XXXX. I have been paying consistently on them since. In XXXX, I consolidated for XXXX. I've left public service and would like to begin repaying my loan. Mohela XXXX is my current loan servicer. I submitted an application on studentaid.gov on XXXX for XXXX. I was put on the XXXX standard repayment plan. On XXXX and XXXX, I called and was on hold for XXXX hours. I finally reached someone on XXXX who said that my application did not include my XXXX dependents, my health insurance payments, and my retirement contributions. She was on the phone with me while I submitted an application for recalculation but there were still no fields for insurance and retirement. She said she didn't know what to suggest so we submitted the app we were provided. The recalculated payment was exactly the same. I emailed and asked for a callback on based on the advice the rep gave due to the issues with being on hold. I received XXXX call back on XXXX and XXXX. I received XXXX callback on XXXX but missed it. I immediately sent another email requesting a callback. They closed out the request having never called me back, citing the XXXX missed call. I requested calls again XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX. In the meantime, I also recertified my XXXX and requested a deferment due to their delay in getting back to me. On XXXX, I chatted with studentaid.gov asking about the recalculation and my progress toward general loan forgiveness. The agent indicated that I was only showing as having XXXX payments left but refused to put it in writing. She said I would need to submit feedback to request a formal accounting. I attempted this XXXX times and was repeatedly logged out while I was typing and/or uploading docs. I finally got it through around XXXX and received a response that it would not be recalculated on request but automatically every other month and only then would my loan servicer be notified. However my loan servicer ( Mohela ) initially only approved my deferment until XXXX, then XXXX. Then on XXXX, I received a letter that it is approved until XXXX. It does not appear that that will be enough time to establish my actual payment and discharge date. I also submitted a complaint to Mohela regarding the lack of response and being unable to address my concerns and questions. I received a response on XXXX telling me to submit " documentation '' while they review. I do not know what they are reviewing and whether I am supposed to provide documentation of phone calls and emails? Proof of insurance and retirement? Proof of repayments? Proof from studentaid.gov regarding my progress toward loan forgiveness? And to date, still no phone call back. I am eager to start repaying my loans. I most certainly have around XXXX qualifying payments towards general loan forgiveness for my XXXX loans, and I should have around XXXX qualifying payments towards general loan forgiveness for my XXXX loans. As an aside, I also have private loans which I have consistently paid since XXXX. I am enclosing correspondence from Mohela following the initial application ( XXXX ) and then after the recalculation ( XXXX ), the transcript of my conversation with XXXX, and the student loan calculator that reflects my best guess at what my repayment amount would be taking into account my healthcare costs, retirement contributions, and my XXXX dependents.
