If you check my account, you will see two previous OPEN complaints from XXXX regarding accurate payment counts that I have been requesting since XXXX of XXXX. My student loan records contain incorrect information, which I have been told by a lawyer was a systemic issue with XXXX, a former student loan servicer who had a class action law suits filed against them and are out of business since XXXX. According to AI : The U.S. Department of Education ended XXXX 's federal student loan servicing contract in XXXX due to widespread servicing errors. So, they are obviously aware of the errors committed, but are doing nothing on my behalf to correct the error. Federal Student Aid has said I am not eligible for XXXX forgiveness because they are not counting the 19 months my loans were in deferment between XX/XX/XXXX through XX/XX/XXXX as part of the IBR one-time Payment Account Adjustment, even though the deferment met all of the requirements for those 19 months to count toward forgiveness. I was told via email that it was an 'In-School Deferment ' and it absolutely was not. I was NOT in school at any point after XX/XX/XXXX and have provided a letter from my university ( XXXX XXXX ) indicating my separation date from the university was XX/XX/XXXX. The 19 months should have counted toward the Adjusted Payment Count, but instead of being marked as eligible or ineligible, those months were simply left blank. Had those payments been counted, my loans should have been eligible for forgiveness in XXXX. This is obviously a huge concern for me, because XX/XX/XXXX was the last day loans were eligible tax forgiveness as well. I have been asking for an accurate payment count since XXXX of XXXX, it is now XXXX of XXXX. Had I been given the information I requested in a timely fashion, I could have made the appropriate decisions regarding repayment but I was not given that opportunity. Frankly, it is absurd that I have not been given one ounce of credible or usable information from FSA / US Department of Education since filing a multitude of complaints. The fact that borrowers themselves do not have access to their accounts on the National Student Loan Database System is equally absurd and frustrating. This is greatly affecting my life, just as incorrect information on a credit report would - but this is worse!
