Company Name : MOHELA ( Higher Education Loan Authority of the State of Missouri ) Product/Service : Private Student Loan Complaint Narrative : I am filing this complaint against MOHELA for unfair and deceptive servicing practices regarding my private student loan ( s ) used to attend XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX MOHELA is refusing to properly review, process, or grant a discharge based on documented school misconduct, despite widespread federal and state regular recognition of XXXX XXXX predatory lending practices. 1. Background and Predatory Context I attended XXXX XXXX XXXX from XXXX to XXXX. During my enrollment, XXXX financial aid staff used aggressive, high-pressure tactics to push me into high-interest private student loans to cover the " tuition gap. '' I was not given a fair opportunity to understand the terms, or in some cases, was misled about the nature of the loans. My federal student loans for this exact period have already been fully discharged by the U.S. Department of Education under the XXXX XXXX XXXX discharge due to widespread institutional fraud. 2. MOHELAs Failure to Act On XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted MOHELA to request a School Misconduct Discharge for my private loans, citing the established fraud committed by XXXX XXXX. MOHELA completely denied my request on XXXX XXXXwithout providing a substantive evaluation of the evidence or state consumer law violations. MOHELA also has placed my loans into a revolving series of interest-accruing forbearances and has delayed making a decision for over 60 days, exceeding reasonable servicing timelines. MOHELAs private loan servicing guidelines explicitly state they offer a " School Misconduct Discharge '' path. However, by issuing boilerplate denials/refusing to recognize the binding legal history of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, MOHELA is actively acting in bad faith and violating its obligations as a servicer. 3. Financial Harm As a direct result of MOHELAs non-compliance and refusal to discharge this fraudulent debt, I am facing severe financial distress. Interest continues to accumulate on a balance that legally and ethically should be void under state holder-rule laws ( which preserve a consumer 's right to assert school misconduct claims against the holder of a private education loan ). Desired Resolution : I request that the CFPB compel MOHELA to : Immediately review my private account in full alignment with their School Misconduct Discharge criteria. Permanently discharge the remaining principal and accrued interest of the private loan ( s ) associated with XXXX XXXX XXXX. Refund all payments I have mistakenly made toward this fraudulent private debt. Remove any negative credit reporting lines associated with these accounts.
