On XXXX I had my normal usual loan payment that I schedule each month for {$400.00}. I round my amounts due. On XXXX, I noticed XXXX payments were deducted. They said it was my auto-pay and I reminded them I was not on auto pay. They said they could " remove me from auto pay '' and I wanted to know how I ended up on auto pay because they took an extra payment. Asked for an investigation. Said they opened XXXX - found out later they did not On XXXX I received an email from EdFinancial that I could be eligible for a XXXX % IF I signed up for auto pay. XXXX - they took another " auto pay '' payment from me on another account? I usually used my account ending in XXXX for their payment. They took another {$400.00} from my other checking ending in XXXX. Called again to see why this happened. They refused to confirm they took it even thought it XXXX ) showed on my account history and XXXX ) showed on my banking history. Asked what was found on my earlier complaint. This rep said there was " no investigation '' opened. I demanded XXXX again. Rep tried to say they couldn't do that. I knew they could and specifically asked for the confirmation that I requested auto pay. Said he would but not confident they will. Said he unenrolled me from Auto Pay but I still showed it " on '' on my account. I REMOVED IT. I sent EdFinancial all the documentation they requested from my bank including the Tracer numbers for the ACH requests and statements from my bank showing this happened. Oddly, on my Account Summary homepare - you don't see the XXXX payments. Under my payment history, you do. I was already XXXX months ahead on my payments. They also confirmed I am " no longer ahead ''. Which is weird? Then I got an email from Ed Financial that my next payment was due until XXXX. A lot of incorrect and changing data? Also the letter I got requesting Auto Pay was not initiated by me and was received AFTER they took triple payments. I also got a letter on XXXX about " Do you want to received a XXXX % discount - sign up for auto pay '' Can't be on both statuses at the same time? My XX/XX/year> regular payment was scheduled in XXXX- as I typically set those up months in advance.
