To Whom It May Concern : I am asking for a servicing and correction and accounting adjustment. This is a notice of dispute regarding MOHELAs management of my student loan payments and charges. Specifically, my XXXX XXXX XXXX student loans, that were fully discharged in XX/XX/XXXX by the U.S. Department of Education, are still improperly included in MOHELAs balance and interest calculations. ( See Attachment 1 for the U.S. Department of Education discharge notice. ) Attachment 1, from the U.S. Department of Education, specifically states in the first paragraph, You do not have to make any more payments on the loan ( s ). However, MOHELA has failed to credit my account for the loans and the interest I have paid, and in fact has continued to charge me for the loans and has also continued charging additional interest on these loans. This is a clear violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), which requires accurate and complete reporting of federal and private student loan accounting. As per the FCRA and its Section 611 provisions, I kindly request that you conduct a comprehensive investigation into the afore-mentioned discrepancies. It is legally necessary to ensure that the information furnished by MOHELA is in strict compliance with the law. In accordance with the FCRA 's requirements, I expect MOHELAs prompt action and a thorough investigation of the disputed items. I respectfully request that you correct any inaccuracies, remove the XXXX XXXX XXXX student loans and the associated accumulated interest payments from my account, and recalculate my current total balance and total interest paid to date based on these corrections. After the XXXX XXXX XXXX student loans were discharged, MOHELA should have adjusted my student loan interest payments to account for the dismissal of the XXXX loans. Consequently, I should only owe interest on the XXXX University student loans, at a 5.4 % interest rate, from XXXX to the present, except for the federal emergency pause on student loan interest from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX due to the COVID-19 pandemic. ( See Attachment 2 for my XXXX University student loan details. ) In other words, my monthly payments should be going exclusively to my XXXX University student loan balance and the XXXX University student loan interest, and nothing else. Instead, my monthly payments have been going to these amounts as well as to an XXXX XXXX XXXX student loan balance, which no longer exists, along with a nonexistent XXXX XXXX XXXX student loan interest. Ignoring the XXXX discharge waters down my XXXX University payments by diverting a large portion of my monthly payments to nonexistent charges, thereby grossly inflating my total MOHELA balance. To date, I have paid {$26000.00} to MOHELA for my student loans plus interest. ( See Attachment XXXX. ) Because of the XXXX XXXX XXXX student loan discharge, all of this should be applied to my XXXX University loan balance and interest, going back to XXXX. Factoring in the federal pause on student loan interest from XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX, my payments have been made over approximately six noncontiguous years, and interest should have only been applied over those same six years. My total XXXX University loan principle is {$43000.00}. ( See Attachment 2. ) Even if I had made no payments at all over this six-year ( XXXX ) period, my total MOHELA balance would be approximately {$50000.00} less than the current posted balance of {$100000.00}. But, of course, I did make payments over this six-year period, which greatly lessens what my total MOHELA balance should be even further. In fact, I paid a total of {$26000.00}. If I had paid out this amount uniformly over that six-year period, my current balance would now be {$28000.00}. But I did not make uniform payments over the entire 6-year period, so the actual correct MOHELA balance will be somewhat different from this amount. MOHELAs accounting software can easily calculate the correct amount based on the time and amounts of my actual payments, with the XXXX loan and interest completely removed from the calculation. Please provide written acknowledgment of receipt of this dispute notice, along with confirmation that an investigation is underway, and keep me posted on the progress of your investigation. I have the legal right to be informed of the progress and resolution of this matter. Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX
