I submitted an IDR application in XXXX (!!! ). It was never processed, MOHELA did a bunch of messed up stuff, I involved XXXX, the CFPB, and my state AG to get it sorted, then the SAVE plan was finally put to rest. XXXX starts sending messages saying " hey, your pending SAVE application is going to be denied, submit a new IDR application and your loan servicer will cancel the pending one and you'll be all set. '' I submitted a new IDR application XX/XX/XXXX. It was approved by XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. On XX/XX/XXXX I received 2 documents from MOHELA, both dated XX/XX/XXXX, that have conflicting info. One details a XXXX repayment plan starting XX/XX/XXXX, one details an unspecified IDR plan with payment starting in XXXX. I didn't have a payment due in XXXX, and there's no way MOHELA can have an accurate payment amount for two years from now when I have to recertify my income every year, so not only is that conflicting info, it's clear both documents are wrong. So I call MOHELA XXXX. I get escalated to an advanced agent who proceeds to tell me 1 ) the XXXX unspecified repayment plan is correct, 2 ) my application has been processed by MOHELA but I won't hear anything until XXXX about it, and 3 ) oh wait, actually my application hasn't been processed but we're still punting this issue to XXXX. Meanwhile the XXXX IDR application still hasn't been cancelled. But now I've got two conflicting documents and additional verbal communication that not only conflicts with the two documents I've received but also conflicts with statements the agent made earlier in the same call! I don't trust ANYTHING this company does or says. Even if they magically cancelled my XXXX IDR application, processed the XXXX one, and provided a payment plan that appeared to make sense, I wouldn't trust that their calculations were accurate. It took me 9 minutes of navigating auto-dial menus to even get to a human to address the issue. They appear to make things intentionally obscure and inaccessible and dealing with them has been a part time job for me for two whole years.
