On XX/XX/year>, I took out a private student loan with Climb Credit , Inc., which was processed online directly by an agent from XXXX. I was explicitly promised an unconditional 7-day cancellation window to evaluate the program. Upon starting the course, the promised educational services were entirely absent ; instructors were missing, and the program lacked any viable mentorship or live instruction. On Day 3, I contacted Devslopes to complain, and on Day 4, I formally requested to cancel the loan within my 7-day window. The Devslopes agent attempted to trigger the cancellation in Climb 's portal but stated it failed. When I contacted Climb Credit to enforce my cancellation, Climb refused to honor the 7-day window. Climb informed me they had already fully disbursed all loan funds to Devslopes before the 7-day cancellation window had even expired. This early disbursement directly subverted my consumer right to cancel. After hours of disputing this with Devslopes, they finally agreed to issue a full refund to Climb Credit. The very next day, Devslopes permanently revoked my access to all coursework and platforms, removed their contact phone numbers from their website. Despite Devslopes cutting off my educational access, Climb Credit claimed they never received the refund and forced me to choose between paying for an unrendered service or facing collections. I stopped paying because I received zero educational assets. Climb Credit then sent my account to collections, dropping my credit score by 150 points. Currently, I am being actively sued for a breach of contract regarding this loan. I am filing this complaint because Climb Credit violated my cancellation rights, disbursed funds prematurely, failed to track the refund from their predatory partner school, and is now using the legal system to collect on a fraudulent debt. I request that Climb Credit immediately cease all collection lawsuits, fully discharge this loan balance, delete all negative credit reporting data, and issue a refund for any payments made.
